Xavier “Cheeks” Robinson (June 5, 1982-August 23, 2023) was an Australian exorcist, magician, Irish mob captain, and school board director,

== Early life (1982-1999) ==
Born in Adelaide, South Australia, Robinson had 3 siblings named Charlie, Spencer, and Sarah.

From 1992 to 1999, he was in a relationship with Jasmine Williams (b. 1982). In 1999, they had a daughter named [[Sophie Robinson|Sophie]].

== Exorcism and magic (2000-2002) ==
Robinson graduated from high school in 2000. He became an exorcist at Adelaide Community Church.

In 2001, he resigned and became a magician at Spectrum Brothers Circus.

In 2002, his parents divorced. He resigned from his job as a magician and enrolled in university.

== University and further magic (2003-2004) ==
In 2003, Robinson’s mother married a man named Matthew Milat with a child from a previous marriage named Max Milat. Matthew Milat and Robinson’s mother had a son named Zachary Milat.

In 2004, Robinson joined his university’s swim team. He dropped out and became a magician again, this time at Circus Ecosphere.

== Irish mob (2005-2021) ==
In 2005, Robinson resigned from his second job as a magician and joined the Rees-Murphy crime family as an associate.

In 2011, Max Milat was murdered by the Rees-Murphy family’s rival, the Jenkins family. 

In 2016, Robinson was promoted to soldier after murdering a surfer dude.

In 2018, he was given the nickname “Cheeks”.

== School board director (2022-2023) ==
In 2022, Robinson was promoted to captain. He left the Rees-Murphy family. He ran for school board director and was elected.

On August 23, 2023, he was murdered by a member of the Family.

== Filmography ==

=== Film ===
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Title
!Role
!Year
!Notes
|-
|Mulholland Road
|Drug Dealer
|2004
|Extra
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Australians]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Magicians]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]