Welcome! Research is done for the history of certain people that may have already died, or are still alive! This research page is about '''Grayson Stick''', a man from the United States who lived from 1780-1848. Not much information about him is known.

== Early Life ==

=== Age 0 (1780) ===
Grayson Stick (1780-1842) was born on January 12, 1780, in Colorado (Precise location unknown), United States. His father is Demarco Stick,

(1748-1802) then aged 32 years, is a merchant trading sugar. His mother is Maria Stick, (1754-1820) then aged 26 years. She has no job.

He has an alive grandfather when he is born, John Stick, (Demarco Stick's father) (1716-1786) then aged 64 years. He is a retired merchant.

=== Age 6 (1786) ===
Grayson Stick's grandfather, John Stick, dies at the age of 70 after a fatal fall from the stairs.

=== Age 6-12 (1786-1792) ===
Grayson Stick was a school student from 1786-1794. After finishing his school in 1792 he helps his father on the market to learn to be a merchant.

=== Age 12-16 (1792-1796) ===
Grayson Stick helps his father on the market to learn to be a merchant.

=== Age 16 (1796) ===
Grayson Stick gets offered a job as merchant. He accepts this. He is now an apprentice merchant.

== Mid-Life ==

=== Age 18 (1798) ===
Grayson Stick's father, Demarco Stick, gets banned from the market after a scam scandal. Most of his belongings were taken from him as punishment.

=== Age 20 (1800) ===
Grayson Stick is no longer an apprentice. In this year, Grayson Stick's father, Demarco Stick, gets sick from a lack of hygiene. Also in this year, Grayson Stick's mother, Maria Stick, gets convicted of robbery on the market and gets convicted 20 years in prison. The circumstances in prison were really bad.

=== Age 21 (1801) ===
Grayson Stick's mother, Maria Stick is still in prison. The situation of Demarco Stick got worse.

=== Age 22 (1802) ===
Grayson Stick's father, Demarco Stick, finally dies of disease due to a lack of hygiene, at the age of 54. Grayson Stick's mother, Maria Stick is still in prison.

=== Age 26 (1806) ===
Grayson Stick marries a women called Rihanna Brook, (1778-1840) aged 28. She changed her name to Rihanna Stick.

=== Age 27 (1807) ===
Grayson Stick and Rihanna Stick get a son called Jock Stick. (1807-1908)

=== Age 27-35 (1807-1815) ===
The circumstances in the prison Grayson Stick's mother, Maria Stick, is in are still very bad. Maria Stick reportedly had many problems with her fellow inmates. In 1813, Jock Stick started school.

=== Age 35 (1815) ===
Grayon Stick's mother, Maria Stick got the opportunity to walk free early, only serving 15 years instead of 20 years, if giving information about the robbery on the market. She did this. She was not let free immediately.

=== Age 36 (1816) ===
Grayson Stick's mother, Maria Stick finally got let free after providing information about the incident.

=== Age 36-39 (1816-1819) ===
Grayson Stick<nowiki>'s mother, Maria Stick lives from robberies on small scale. At age 38 (1818), Grayson Stick got the title ''Senior Merchant''</nowiki>.

=== Age 39 (1819) ===
Grayson Stick's mother, Maria Stick was abducted by a group of merchants who suspected her of her having robbed them.

=== Age 40 (1820) ===
Grayson Stick's mother, Maria Stick, dies at the age of 66 after being killed by the kidnappers that abducted her, out of revenge.

=== Age 45 (1825) ===
Jock Stick finished school. He became an administrative worker for a factory.

== Late Life ==

=== Age 51 (1831) ===
Grayson Stick's market becomes a big name, and Grayson Stick makes a lot of money.

=== Age 52-55 (1832-1835) ===
Grayson Stick's market continues to make a lot of money.

=== Age 55 (1835) ===
Grayson Stick created a will. When he dies, he is leaving everything to his son, Jock Stick.

=== Age 56-61 (1836-1841) ===
Grayson Stick's market is still continues to make very much money.

=== Age 60 (1840) ===
Rihanna Stick dies at the age of 62 due to complications of old age.

=== Age 61 (1841) ===
Grayson Stick retires, and sells his market to a big businessman for a big amount of money. He lives a luxury life for his last years.

=== Age 65 (1845) ===
Grayson Stick starts having old age complications, like back pain.

=== Age 66 (1846) ===
Grayson Stick got an unknown disease that comes with old age, causing him to get very sick. He got hospitalized. They could not cure him, only extend his life a bit. He got back home from the hospital several months after being hospitalized.

=== Age 67 (1847) ===
Grayson Stick is still terminally ill. He has hired people to help him, since he cannot do much himself anymore. Grayson Stick lives his last year.

=== Age 68 (1848) ===
Grayson Stick lives his last months. On January 30th, 1848, he got hospitalized again. On March 8th, 1848, he finally died of his disease, at the age of 68.

== Afterlife ==

=== 1849 ===
Everything was left to Grayson Stick's son, Jock Stick. Jock Stick had him put on display so he won't ever get forgotten in the family, to remember how great of a businessman he was.


[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]
[[Category:Born before 1900]]