{{Infobox_character|name=Julius Oliver|aliases=Bitch, by many of his co-workers|relatives=Katelyn De Vil (1755-1823) 
Bruce Olivier (1742-1810)
Jett Rivera (1756-1832)
Louis Cyrus (1778-1868
Bob Rivera (1788-1868)
Edward Oliver (1807-)
William Oliver (1810-)
Job Oliver (1813-)
Florence Oliver (1816-)
Michaela Oliver (1830-)
Alessio Oliver(1832-1844)
Ginger Oliver (1836-)|affiliation=Student
Writer for Rivera Books
Retired|marital=Honey Pickler (1805-1869) 
Nicole McCoy (1869-1880)|birthDate=November 19th, 1782|birthPlace=Campbell County, Virginia|deathDate=July 26th, 1880|deathPlace=Campbell County, Virginia|species=Human|gender=Male|height=6'2|weight=96 pounds|eyes=Blue}}

===== Julius was born in [[Campbell County, Virginia]] (It was originally Jacksonville, but it was made in 1822) on November 19th 1782. He was the result of an affair, after his mom visited his father at the library. His mother name is Katelyn De Vil, An unemployed person. And his father was Bruce Olivier and his father, was the owner of a school in the area. His older brother was named Louis, who was only 5. But his father moved, from Great Britain and his mother moved from France to be in the new world of United states. He was quite happy and healthy and he was very smart he loved reading books in his childhood.  And he was quite handsome. His dad was rich but his mom wasn't. =====


== Childhood ==
<big>1: His mom married his new stepfather Jett Rivera, A 26 year old merchandiser who was poor, but very nice to him.</big> 

2:  While his mother was trying to find a job, a boy name Bobby came up to him to become friends, I rejected him cause all he wanted to do was read.

3: His mother and stepfather gave birth to a baby name, Bob Rivera. he was an accidental pregnancy.

4: His parents and him bought Julius a Australian Shephard name Lemoncella.

5: At age 5, He got enrolled into St Lunas School. Due to how broke the mother was, she couldn't tutor him. But the father could and he got a interest in books even more.

6: Julius got an infection in the ear and had to get treated the old fashion way.

7:  Miles and miles of his farm/house. A group of kids are creating a clan just for people who cuss, he ignored him because he wants to be a good child.

8: His half brother, Bob started school, and He taught him the stuff he needed to know. He also read so many books, and loved to study.

9: Julius fell on my moms fence and broke it, he admitted to his mom and apologized.

10: His mother took him on a "trip" out of the country on boat, He agreed. His half brother, got Epilepsy and couldn't get out of bed due to his seizures.

11: His classmate, Abigail, asked him out but he rejected her.

12: Instead of having his first kiss, he ran away from Abigail.  His father is no longer suffering from Hemorrhoid's.

13: His classmate Pierre has, bullied him so he told his brother and he attacked him.

14: He started Secondary school, at Pristine Secondary School. His half brother studied Philosophy at college. 

15: His, shepherd died, from eating poisonous food.

16:  He tried testing for a horse, but he failed. He's going out with a girl name Honey. His half brother moved out.

17: His girlfriend, wanted to break up, and he begged for her to stay, And she agreed to stay. But failed his glasses test. George Washington, died and John Adams is now president.

18: He graduated, and decided, to find a job. His girlfriend went on birth control.

19: He loved, studying religion and decided to apply for religion school. And somehow got his mother to pay it even know her money bar is low-.

22: His brother is starting a new job as a Jr. merchandiser, and his father is no longer suffering from Itchy Bottom.

23: He graduated, from Religious studies, and went for a job. His girlfriend, proposed at a farm, He accepted!. he got a job as a writer.

24: Honey is, now off birth control and she's now pregnant.

25: He lost the baby, but he's not giving up.

26: He got married, in England. And stayed his name as his girlfriend changed it. And she's pregnant again.

27: Honey, gave birth to a baby boy named Edward Olivier. Honey named him after Jonathan Edwards, a theologian, who studied the nature of god, religion, and religion believes. He died around 1758.

28: He was cured of depression, he got super sick and was suffering from restless leg syndrome. Doctors didn't know what that was.

29: He did his checkup with Edward and got him "vaccinated". Honey is pregnant again.

30: His, father passed away from complications of old age (1742-1810), he went to the funeral where its still buried there till this day. Honey gave birth to another baby boy named William Oliver, named after William the third of England.

30: His wife, Honey wanted a Historic Equestrian Property, He agreed. And got it fixed up.

32: His wife, got pregnant again. His son Edward, stared Primary School. Lucky they both let him go to a private school.

33: Honey gave birth to another baby boy, named Job Oliver. He was named after Job Haines, An American Politician from Maryland. (1744-1812) A year after he passed away, to have memory's of him.

34: His brother Louis and his wife Molly had a baby girl named Samantha. 

35: A girl named, Ginger wanted to do some you know. He said, "No, I'm a faithful husband." He and Honey, got pregnant again-.

36: He, and his wife, gave birth to a baby girl named Florence Oliver. Named after the city Florence. Peacefully holding her as she yawned, but she's pregnant again?!

37: She, suffered from a third miscarriage, loosing the baby. He was sad. His son William was suffering from the measles, Julius didn't know.

39: His son, William is no longer suffering from the measles.

40: He ignored, somebody who think he would be a great fit to be in a cult.

43:  His neice, is no longer suffering from chicken pox

44:His son William started Highschool, and his other son Job started Middle school.

45: He, paid, for his sons education. Finance. He worked hard hoping to become famous.

46: His mother passed, away while sleeping peacefully. (1755-1823) Every member of his family, including him went to the funeral and she got buried.

47: While taking a walk, in the farmers market, a person offers him some drugs, he said "NO WAY!"

48: His son William, asked to pay for his college education, for political science. He agreed.

49:  A wild fox, keeps going into his yard, so he offered some food for it. After, going to the adoption center, he adopted Alessio Sozzani an Italian baby, who was 1 whose birth parents were killed in a bar fight. He changed his last name to Oliver.

50: His son Edward, graduated from University with an undergraduate degree in finance. He started as  a apprentice trucker for Crimson Trucking. He worked hard, hopefully to become famous.

51: He paid for his, sons Job's College education.

52: While at his job, a female named Madison asks if his name was Wi-fi cause she is feeling a connection, and he said "No, I'm a faithful husband."

53: While on his walk, he encounter a junkie, hassling him, he argued with her, and she ran away. He also adopted a baby girl who was 2 named Michaela, who her parents were unfit-teens.

54: He, paid for his daughter, Florence's education. 

55: His stepfather, died at the age of 80 due to natural causes (most likely pneumonia) he paid his respects at the funeral.

56: They were looking for a horse and found a, Mustang, and they agreed to buy it. And brought a carriage for it.

57: His, wife Honey is no longer suffering from Pneumonia. 

58; His son Alessio has been diagnosed with Scarlet fever, unknowingly he has it.

59: He adopted, a girl name Ginger Collins (changed last name to you know what) He also turned in some coins that he found, 

60: He became a famous author and wrote his first book, named Becoming Julius Oliver. (You can still buy it from your local library in bitlife world) Becoming a bestseller, and grossed $298,826 in sales. He went on a talk with news people.

61: His son Alessio, unfortunately passed away at age 13, one night before he turned 14 due to scarlet fever, his last words were "Dad, why does it hurt?" And the kids, and him, and ginger, and the only family went to Alessio's funeral. During that year they went on a trip to Barcelona, Greece. He also did his famous stuff.

62: He found a brief case, and decided to turn it in. And did some more famous stuff.

63: His daughter Michaela is suffering from Tonsillitis, so he took her to the doctors and got it treated. And went to take his wife fishing. And did a very old commercial. 

64: He became friends with a person name Amani Castro, And wrote a book name Life and Times of Julius Oliver. Its cost was 21,900 dollars (somehow). and sales were 109,136$ It was a bestseller.

66: Honey retired, after many years from her hard work. And did some famous work. One time in his life he did a hookup with a girl named Sophia Morrison a 19 year old girl. They practiced unsafe s3x. (kind of weird, but eh its bitlife)

67: He wrote another book, named Julius Oliver: A legend It costed 23,000$ and it grossed out with $497,219. And did a commerical.

68: His younger friends, asked what book they should read. So He suggested my books, and they agreed. 

69: His friend, hanged out with him. And they officially began friends.

70: He wrote a book, called the Chosen one. Costing 21,900$ and best seller of 839,193$.

71: He decided, to get boat training. And passed it! He decided to get two boats, a boat named Dynamic and a canoe. And decided to ride it. and enjoyed it. 

72: His daughter Ginger, no longer suffering from, diarrhea. He did a commercial again.

73: His daughter, was struggling, so he hired a tutor, it didn't really do anything. He took a ride, on his canoe.

74:  He went to a picnic with his team, in his company. He's also addicted to alcohol so he went to get treated.

75: Both his brothers, Bob, and Louis died. Bob died while sleeping peacefully, and Louis died from Cholera. He went to both their funerals.

76: His daughter, Michaela got promoted to Head teacher. He also wrote a new book, called Becoming Julius Oliver.

77: His daughter, Michaela has has been diagnosed with Bulimia. His daughter, Ginger moved out.

78: He suspected his wife, Honey cheated in him, so he argued with her. They both start having a bad relationship.

79:  He goes on a boat ride, on his canoe. His daughter Michaela married Mark Hardick, a 28-year-old man. They both had a baby girl named Kiana. His daughter is no longer suffering from Bulimia.

80: He went on a talk, with news reporters. And got on the newspaper. 

81. He called his, friend golden, and his son William and his wife, Ginger, had a baby girl named Bailey. He went on his canoe.

82: He just discovered his wife, Homey, recently went on a hookup, with two men. So he divorced her. He also is now dating a girl named Nicole McCoy.

83: He went on his canoe, and daughter and Micheala had, a baby girl named Tia.

84: His grandson, Joey started middle school. His grandson Buddy is starting elementry school, his granddaughter Avery is starting elementary school And so on .

85. His friend, asked how he should vote, for the upcoming election. He gave him the best advice he could

86: Nicole, has been promoted to archaeologist.

87: He got diagnosed with Arthritis., 

88: I went to help my friend change a tire. of his car. During, that year he did some famous stuff, before retiring. 

89: His girlfriend had been kidnapped and is, held for ransom, so I got too scared but called the police. They thankfully secured her release! I meditiated.

90: He started eating guinea pig for some weird reason, his grandson buddy started middle school.

91: he had a hookup with a girl named, Michelle Chapman. Nicole and him made love.

92: His fling michelle in the shopping market, showed him a photo on the picture book, of her most recent masturbation, session. I showed her something back.

== DEATH ==
He died from complications of old age, after eating some food. His last words were: "Make, me part of history, okay?" The funeral was attended by his longtime girlfriend, Nicole, His six loving children, and eight of his nine grandchildren. Friends reminded him as, A strapping and sharp man, he studied religious studies in college. Julius's dreams came true when he became a famous author. Friends say he was a generous soul and a loving parent. He loved reading when he was a kid, and he was a great one. His networth was $31,739,600 all of that was donated to charity for a good cause. He left behind all his grandchildren, neice and nephews, his 6 children, and his wife.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Authors/Writers]]
[[Category:Old people]]