'''Chin Cha VII''' (3040-July 5, 3134) was an American grocer and convicted burglar and car thief.

== Early life (3040-3058) ==
Cha was born in Houston, Texas. He was the only child born to [[Andrew Cha]] and his girlfriend Alyssa Walker.

In 3058, Cha graduated from high school.

== Career (3059-3094) ==
In 3059, Cha became an apprentice grocer for Goff Grocery.

In 3061, Cha was promoted to grocer.

In 3094, Cha retired. He went to the movies and went to a GloRilla concert with his friend, Bobbie Sue Pitt-Creed (3016-3130). 

== Prison sentences (3097-3134) ==
In 3097, Cha burgled a fry cook’s house and tried to run from the police, but was caught. He was sentenced to 3 years in prison. He escaped, but was later sent back to prison. He tried to appeal to the Texas 1st Court of Appeals, but lost. He served his first sentence at Pacific Supermax.

In 3100, Cha was released. He stole a Chrysler Pacifica and tried to run from the police, but was caught. He was sentenced to 11 years in prison. He tried to appeal, but lost. He served his second sentence at Rabbit’s Foot Regional Prison.

In 3111, Cha was released. He burgled a DILF’s house and tried to run from the police, but was caught. He was sentenced to 15 years in prison. He appealed and his sentence was reduced to 11 years. He is serving his third sentence at Rabbit’s Foot Regional Prison.

In 3120, Cha was released on parole. He burgled a nail technician’s house and tried to run from the police, but was caught. He was sentenced to 19 years in prison. He tried to appeal, but lost. He served his fourth sentence at Rabbit’s Foot Regional Prison.

On July 5, 3134, Cha died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
Cha had a son from a relationship with a woman named Sandra Burger:

# Jamal Cha (3070-3129), pornographer

In 3094, Cha started dating a school psychologist named Genevieve Romo (3057-after 3137). They had three children:

# Ha-Eun Cha IV (3095-3100)
# Scarlett Cha III (3096-after 3137)
# [[Chin Cha VIII]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Grocers]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Burglars]]