== Introduction ==
Welcome to Tia Davis' life. This is all fictional and the years were randomly suggested. If you want to give me a challenge to do then please put it in the comments below (I don't own any packs at the moment). Please do not follow in the ways of Tia Davis she is quite a rebel as you will see closer to the end. 

== Childhood Life ==
Age 0 - Her name was Tia Davis, she was a female and she was born on October 4, 1985 (Libra). She was born in Chicago, United States and she was an accidental pregnancy. She was born to Becky Davis, a writer (27) and Dion Davis, a hairdresser (26). She had an older sister, Rita (4). There was also a family cat named Javier. 

Age 1 (1986) - Her older sister Rita started Elementary School. Her mother and father had a baby girl named Ciara, her new little sister. She was conceived when her parents went away without her.

Age 2 (1987) - Her mother got trapped in an avalanche while snowboarding and died at the age of 29. Tia became friends with Johnny Zuckerberg.

Age 3 (1988) - Tia went to the park and shared her toy with another child. She remained calm when her father took her to get vaccinated. 

Age 4 (1989)  - She squabble with her big sister Rita about who is the faster runner and she ended up apologising. Tia took a self defence class at the local police station with her friend, Johnny. Her father found out that she broke his camera. 

Age 5 (1990) - She became friends with her classmate Elian Vazquez. Tia went on a family trip with his father and sisters to Stockholm, Sweden. 

Age 6 (1991) - Tia's little sister, Ciara started Elementary school. Tia's father married her new stepmother, Brooklyn Bennett, a 39 year-old school administrator. Her stepmother suggested that she was a bad child and she told her father about her behaviour. 

Age 7 (1992) - My older sister, Rita started Middle School. Tia's father contracted hemorrhoids Tia was bullied at school by one of her classmates, Jenna. She kindly asked her older sister to step in and Rita beat up the bully for Tia and solved her problem. 

Age 9 (1994) - Tia's father was cured of hemorrhoids. Tia contracted pneumonia. 

== Education ==
Age 5 (1990) - Tia was enrolled in St. Anita's Elementary School.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]