'''Zenguang Zhao''' (or '''Zhao Zenguang'''; 赵增光; October 17, 1922 - February 25, 2022) was a Chinese soldier, author and martial artist. He became a notable figure in the People's Liberation Army during the Second World War, Korean War and Vietnam War, known for fighting with kung fu more than with guns. Zhao had reached the rank of General before his retirement in the mid-1980s. He would then become a successful, iconic author, writing both fiction and non-fiction martial artistic novels, many based on the impact kung fu had on his life and his war stories. 

==Early life and kung fu training==
Zhao was born in Wei. His father, Xiaosheng (1881 - 1958) was an insurance agent. His mother, Shu Li (1903 - 1988) was a college student, studying marketing at the time, who would become a Marine officer in 1926. 

Zhao began his kung fu training at the age of eight. He also wanted to try karate, but his family could only afford kung fu lessons due to the Great Depression. 

==Early military service==
Although he had not been in a military club in high school, Zhao's military preparation began as early as age 16 or 17. Having witnessed the Invasion of Poland on television and through radio, he was determined to join the fight against the Nazis through the use of his training. 

===World War II===
There are two accounts as to how Zhao had first joined the military, both dating 1940 when he had completed secondary education amongst the brewing of the war. According to family notes and letters, he had enlisted  in the People's Liberation Army by choice, having a pre-determined desire to battle the Germans. In terms of technicality, however, the Army itself states that Zhao was drafted. 

===Chinese Civil War===

==First discharge and college years==

==Return to the army==

===Korean War===

===Vietnam War===

===Promotion to General===

===Retirement from military===

==Writing career==

==Personal life==

==Death==
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Chinese]]
[[Category:Authors/Writers]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:World War II veterans]]
[[Category:Vietnam veterans]]
[[Category:Generals]]