'''Theodore Frederick Bunker''' (March 30, 1927 - May 4, 2012), often referred to by his initials '''TFB''', was an American lobbyist and politician who served as the Mayor of Kingsville from 1991 to 1999 and the Governor of Texas from 2003 to 2007. He unsuccessfully ran for the presidency three times. He lobbied for many successful businesses, including Pacific Banking Corporation, Unity Fashions and Corona Mills. 

Prior to his lobbying and political careers, Teddy Bunker was a leading Naval commander in a service spanning from 1945 to 1979, with a gap between 1955 and 1959 filled by enrollment in university and the Naval Academy. A pinnacle moment in his service was in 1976 when, on a deployment in Uruguayan waters, he sustained massive injuries from a mine explosion. 

==Early life and education==
Teddy was born in Kingsville, Texas to librarian Jacob Bunker (1895 - 1974) and insurance agent Darlene Bunker (1898 - 1974). He had a pointer named Freya (died 1937) and two sisters, Olivia (1925 - 2009) and Desiree (born 1933). Jacob and Darlene divorced in 1935, when Teddy was eight years old. Several sources state that he was named after Teddy Roosevelt. 

From an early age, becoming President was one of Bunker's main desires. At Illumina Middle School, he joined the politics club to begin his training to get a seat. He also took up foreign language, environment, chess and creative writing. Bunker enjoyed chess, comparing the pieces to naval ships in a battle. Bunker attended Neptune Preparatory School, class of 1945. He wanted to join the student council in hopes of practicing the role of a president, but he was rejected. He rejoined the clubs of chess, environment, foreign language, and also took up key and yearbook. In his junior year, Bunker became the president of the foreign language club. He took this opportunity to practice the role and holding the title.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]