'''Zheglov "Kasha" Kozlov''' (April 24, 1967 - July 12, 2020) was a Russian mobster who reined terror on St. Petersburg for  years. 
====Early Life====
Zheglov was born on April 24, 1967 to Veronika Smirnov and Kashirin Kozlov. His mother was a grocer, while his father was a flight attendant. He got along well with his older brother Boris and his siamese cat, Skye. Kozlov made few friends, one of which, Yulia Innokentievich, would be his future love interest.
Zheglov was known ro have a very short temper. During his school career, he assaulted 26 classmates, including his own brother, on multiple occasions. This got him suspended and expelled multiple times. 
====Crime Career====
He started his crime spree in 1984 by stealing a Pontiac Aztek and a Dodge Viper, which he sold for a total of $59,130. In 1985, he stole a Porsche Boxster and used it to rob St. Petersburg Credit Union, granting him another $17,990. Afterward, when he attempted to sell the stolen car, he was arrested after trying to run from police. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 10 years. After multiple attemps to escape, his sentence rose to 34 years. He finally escaped in August of 1991. 
On September 21, 1991 he murdered his mother by pushing her off a cliff. He was then sent back to prison for life but escaped just weeks later. 
====Mafia Days====
After a month of waiting tables at the St. Petersburg headquarters, he became an associate with the Ruslanovich Family. He easily made them $115,790 in his first year. His first whacking victim was the manager at the Sister Servants Inn, Chupalova Kuznetsov. He cement blocked her to the bottom of a lake. Over time he made a lot of money for the mafia and was finally promoted to soldier in 1996. He had already killed 8 people at that point. He was Promoted again to Captain in 1997. In 2006, he was sent back to prison for life plus 40 years. He was in prison from 2006 to his death in 2020.  

==== Victims ====
Veronika Smirnov (1991) Pushed off cliff

Chupalova Kuznetsov (1991) Cement blocked her to the bottom of a lake

Fyodor Wackimov (1992) Hid under thick lake ice

Roman Jerkov (1992) Fed to wolves

Gorelov Mihailov (1993) Pushed off plane

Alina Trotsky (1995) Burned alive

Ksenia Kozlov (1995) Fed to piranhas

News Anchor (1996) Impaled on a stake

Boris Kozlov (1996) Poisoned

Viktoria Putin (1996) Cut ininto 26 pieces

Kira Valentinovna (1997) Impaled on meat hook and frozen

Konstantin Tarasovna (1997) Shattered after being frozen in liquid nitrogen

Balandin Yurievich (1997) Fried in a deep frier

Scout Leader (2001) Shoved into a wood chipper

Alina Volkov (2002) Fed to pigs

Nikolai Kozlov (2004) Boiled alive

Martha Takaku (2004) Presure-washed skin off

Mikhail Egorov (2006) Air sucked out of lungs

Maxim Tarasovna (2019) Drowned
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Russians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]