'''Tarjei Bakke V''' (2192-2262) was an American baseball player and travel agent.

== Early life (2192-2218) ==
Bakke was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was the youngest of six children born to [[Odd Bakke]] and his girlfriend Hannah Stewart. 

In 2203, Bakke enrolled at St. Malcolm’s Middle School. He joined the baseball team.

In 2206, Bakke enrolled at Atrium Preparatory School.

In 2210, Bakke enrolled at Butler University. He got a part time job as a personal trainer for Indianapolis Fitness. He played baseball for the Bulldogs. 

In 2213, Bakke resigned from his job. 

In 2214, Bakke graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice. He re-enrolled. 

In 2218, Bakke graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science. 

== Athletic career  (2218-2219) ==
In 2218, Bakke joined the Cleveland Satchels as an outfielder.

In 2219, Bakke retired and moved to Ponce, Puerto Rico.

== Travel agency career (2239-2258) ==
In 2239, Bakke became a travel associate for Sebastian Santiago.

In 2243, Bakke was promoted to tour operator.

In 2247, Bakke was promoted to general manager.

In 2251, Bakke was promoted to regional manager.

In 2255, Bakke was promoted to agency operator.

In 2258, Bakke retired.

== Death ==
In 2262, Bakke died of a stroke. His son attended his funeral in Ponce.

== Relationship and children ==
In 2203, Bakke started dating a student named Mariah Smith (2192-2279), who became a firewoman in 2211. They had three sons:

# Tarjei Bakke VI (2209-2278), real estate agent
# Ruth Bakke (2218-2288), school teacher
# [[Odd Bakke II]] 

== Dogs ==
Bakke had six dogs:

# Walter (2202-2212, adopted 2210, pointer)
# Rosie (2205-2217, adopted 2210, cocker spaniel)
# Bella (2206-2215, adopted 2210, mutt)
# Vanilla (2207-2214, adopted 2210, Doberman pinscher)
# Bentley (2207-2219, adopted 2210, mutt)
# Hercules (2210-2220, purchased as puppy, mastiff)

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Puerto Ricans]]
[[Category:Old people]]