Lijuan Grigalashvili (née Dou, 2043-2114) was a Chinese bluegrass singer and murderer. 

== Early life ==
Lijuan Grigalashvili was born Lijuan Dou in China in 2043. She was adopted by [[Georgia Grigalashvili|Gavin Grigalashvili]] (2024-2081) and his girlfriend Aliana Puffington (2023-2109) in 2046, after which her last name was changed to that of her father. She was raised in Shenzhen.

Grigalashvili went to school at Little Lingxin Primary School, Genghis Wen Lower Secondary School, and Unity Preparatory School. She also started taking accordion lessons at the age of seven, voice lessons at eight, and drum lessons at 13.

== Army career ==
In 2061, Grigalashvili joined the People’s Liberation Army Ground Force as a private. She was promoted to private second class in 2062, private first class in 2064, specialist in 2066, sergeant in 2068, staff sergeant in 2070, sergeant first class in 2072, master sergeant in 2074, and sergeant major in 2078. 

She completed two deployments: one in Saudi Arabia in 2075 and one in Nicaragua in 2080. She refused a medal for the first deployment but accepted a medal for the second.

She retired in 2081.

== Music career ==
After retiring from the army, Grigalashvili signed with Harp Entertainment as a solo country singer. She released one bluegrass album before being prematurely released herself less than a year later.

== Relationships and children ==
Grigalashvili dated a student named Jianyu Yijun (2043-after 2114) from 2053 to 2059.

She dated another student named Dong Wang (2043-after 2120) from 2059 to 2061. They had a son named Shoi-Ming Wang (born 2060) and a daughter named Chu Hua Wang (born 2061).

Grigalashvili dated Raymond John (2063-after 2114) in 2081. He was born in Lahore, Pakistan, and was the CEO of Evil, Inc. They met on a celebrity dating app. They had a son named Minsheng John (born 2082).

== Pets ==
In 2043, Grigalashvili’s father gave her a mutt named Connor (2038-2050). He died of old age.

In 2081, she bought a Shetland sheepdog named Walt (2076-2090). 

== Legal issues ==
In 2081, Grigalashvili was charged with bribery and conspiracy to murder her father, but was acquitted. Later, when her father was murdered, she was arrested as a suspect, but released before trial due to lack of evidence.

The same year, she attempted to murder her mother with a set of plastic vampire teeth. Grigalashvili was convicted of attempted murder and was sentenced to life in prison. She attempted to appeal the case to the Supreme People’s Court, but failed. 

== Death ==
In 2114, Grigalashvili died of old age in prison. She left all of her inheritance to her daughter.

== Discography ==
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Title
!Lead-off track
!Release date
!Certification
|-
|Out to Fish
|Bearded Ladies, I Love You 
|2081
|Gold (2081), Platinum (2095)
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Chinese]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]