{{infobox character
 | name         = Hilda Montenegro
 | image        = 
 | imagecaption =
 | aliases      =
 | relatives    = Hector Montenegro (father)<br/>Katharin Saelices (mother)<br/>Roseangela Varela (Stepmother)<br/>Sandro Arnal (Half brother)<br/>Alejandro Saelices (Half brother)
 | affiliation  =
 | marital      = Single (Married before)
 | birthDate    = October 17, 2023
 | birthPlace   = Cusco, Peru
 | deathDate    = November 11, 2095
 | deathPlace   = Cusco, Peru
 | gender       = Female
 | eyes         = Brown
}}
'''Hilda Montenegro''' (October 17, 2023 - November 11, 2095), was the Former School board director. She elected Mayor of Cusco 2 times, but she failed.

==Biography==
===Early life===
Hilda was born on October 17, 2023, in Cusco, Peru, his father "Hector Montenegro", a flight attendant, born in 1993, and his mother "Katharin Saelices", a hairdresser, born in 1998. At the age of 1, Hilda's father married his Hilda's stepmother named "Roseangela Varela". Two years later, Katharin bought a cat named "Pip". Then one year later, she became his first friend named "Renzo Varela".

At the age of 6, Hilda enrolled in primary school at Pony Primary School. Two years later, a half brother named "Sandro Arnal" was born, then a another half brother named "Alejandro Saelices" was born in 2032.

In 2033, Hilda took a course of keyboard lessons, and Katharin bought a white plastic keyboard to Hilda. At the age of 13, Hilda selected for anime club in secondary school. 2 years later, she became vice-president of the Anime Club in secondary school, then she became president one year after. In 2041, she graduated from secondary school and applied to university, then later, she passed driving test, and Hilda's mother bought a car named "Subaru WRX STI".

===Personal life===
One year later, she dating his a 21 years old boy named "Hector Escribano". In 2045, Hilda hired for the position of Farmer for ABC Meadow with a salary of over 6,560 dollars. 4 years later, she married Hector at the courthouse in Alaska. At the age of 35, Hector divorced Hilda, due to farted in bed. Two years later, Hilda won school board election.

At the age of 41, Hilda dating a 37 years old boy named "Lucio Aguayo". Then one year later, she reelected as School Board Director for a second term. Then another one year later, Hilda's father died due to natural causes. Later, she married Lucio at a drive thru wedding chapel in Seville, Spain. At the age of 47, Hilda decided not to run for relection for School Board Director, and Hailda decided to run for Mayor of Cusco and represent the socialist party, she budgeted over 495,000 dollars, but she failed his election.

One year later, Hilda's mother passed away of natural causes, and she starts suffering from anxiety. In 2075, she decided to run for Mayor of Cusco again, she budgeted over 500,000 dollars, but she failed his election again. Then Lucio divored Hilda, due to saying cats are stupid one year after, and starts his depression. In 2079, Hilda hired for the position of School Teacher for Cusco Public Schools with a salary of 15,000 dollars.

At the age of 63, Hilda's half brother insulted Hilda, then she insulted back, but he fighted Hilda with forehead, then she stretched his forehead with Hilda's half brother, and Hilda's half brother called the police, then she bribed the police over 314,759 dollars, and police let Hilda.

Then at the age of 66, she released from School Teacher.

==Death==
At the age of 72, Hilda died peacefully in her sleep.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]