'''Võ Trí Hùng''' (September 17, 1950-July 13, 1982) was an Vietnamese-American gangster known for 1982 Empire State Building Massacre. His death sparked a war between Hùng Gang and Tucci crime family. 

== Early Life (1950-1967) ==
Võ Trí Hùng was born on September 17, 1950 in Hanoi, North Vietnam. His Mother was Nguyễn Hùng (21), a mail person. His Father was Đặng Hùng (24), a lawyer.

In 1952, Võ Trí's young brother Trịnh Hùng was born.

In 1961, Võ and his Family moved to Detroit, Michigan due to Spark of Vietnam War happening between North and South.

In 1964, Võ and Trịnh shoplift Local Drug Store, later got arrested by Detroit Policemen.

In 1966, Võ was released from juvenile detention.

In 1967, Võ was fascinated with Detroit Riots. He volunteered the riots by looting stuff from any kind of store.

== Hùng Gang Era (1968 - 1982) ==
In 1968, Võ and Trịnh formed an vietnamese criminal organization. Võ became the boss while Trịnh becomes boss assistant.

Between Late 1971 and Early 1972, Võ and Trịnh moved to New York City due to their parents' death from car accident.

In May, 1972, Hùng Gang fought against Rival gang [[Maximo Tucci|Tucci crime family]] in New York City, New York. NYPD ESU vans responded on scene, sparking an retreat. declaring Hùng Gang victorious.

In Late 1972, Trịnh was fatally shot by Maximo Tucci while driveby. Võ attended his brother's funeral in Detroit, Michigan.

In July, 1973, Võ went to Paris, France to make an successful drug deal with French Crime Family called "Gérin Red Wolves".

In July, 1975, Võ and his Men robbed an Amtrak train (Bound for Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.) for $612,590.

In December, 1975, Võ was assigned to kill mayor of New York City. However He was arrested and sentenced 6 years in prison.

In December, 1981, Võ was released from prison. He got an news from Tribbiani family soldier saying Maximo Tucci was shot dead in 1977.

In June, 1982 (A month before his death), Võ planned to get revenge on remaining Tucci crime family members for assigned Tucci to kill his brother. with an alliance made with Tribbiani family.

== Death ==
On July 13, 1982, Võ and his men prepared for ambush on Tucci crime family members for telling Maximo to kill his brother, Trịnh. When TCF members got inside the lobby of Empire State Building, Hùng Gang and Tribbiani Family arrived with their 1979 Porsche 924, 1977 Plymouth Gran Fury, 1981 Mercury Grand Marquis and 1976 Rover SD1, armed with AK-47s, UZIs, MAC-10s, Remington Model 870s, P220s, S&W Model 57s, H&K P7s and SPAS-12s. Vietnamese-American Gang ambushed Italian-American Gang. unfortunately, Hùng Gang members (including Võ.) been shot by Tucci Crime Family members with their MAC-10s, M1911 Pistols and Remington Model 870s. NYPD Patrol Cars, ESU Vans and FDNY Ambulances, Fire Truck arrived at scene 6 minutes later. Võ was rushed to Hospital where he was was pronounced dead on arrival. Võ's Death sparked an Deadly war between Hùng Gang and Tucci Crime Family, Ultimately, Hùng Gang won the gang war.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]