== Overview ==
This is one of the lives I played on an older version of the game. I am then going to play on the newer version and we are going to compare the difference of the lives. All of this is made up and there was no cheats or packs that I used in anyway.

== Christopher Banks 1 (older version of game) ==

=== Early Life ===
He was born a male in San Francisco, United States. He was conceived after his mother's birth control failed. His birthday was July 18, he was a cancer sign. He was born to his father Dash Banks a 38 year old insurance agent and his mother Jamila Shiner a 36 year old environmental scientist. They also owned a house cat called Joy at the time.

=== Childhood School Life ===
At the young age of 10 he was a very studious kid. He started to get bullied for this and because of his bad looks. The bigger bully would dunk his head in the toilet everyday but luckily he reported it to a teacher and the problem stopped. At the young age of 14 his house cat Joy died of natural causes, his parents supported him through this time. At the age of 16 he took he drivers test for the first time and failed. At the age of 17 he got very sick with the flu but luckily the doctor could cure it for him. At the age of 18 he graduated from high school.

=== Upper Education ===
After he graduated from high school he enrolled in university majoring in education. He applied for a scholarship but got refused and even asked his parents but his dad wasn't generous enough and his mother didn't have enough money. He ended up taking out a student loan. At the age of 19 he was finally allowed to join social media after getting a phone good enough to support the apps. He graduated from University at the age of 22,

=== Career ===
At the age of 22 he became a primary school for San Francisco Public Schools. At the age of 70 he retired from his job.

=== Personal Life ===
At the age of 23 he started to suffer from Pneumonia but he didn't have enough money to cure it. At the age of 27 he suffered from Athlete's foot and went to the doctor to get it checked. At the age of 28 he started dating Payton Rivera a 24 year old tour operator. At the age of 31, Payton got pregnant with my baby but we aborted it because we weren't ready. At the age of 31 I proposed to Payton and she accepted. We then got married at a beach and went on a honeymoon to Little Rock, United States. She also took my last name which changes her name to Payton Banks. They have no prenup in place. At the age of 32 his father died from cancer of the rump, he was 70.  At the age of 33 we got a mortgage on a small 3 bedroom house and he finally got his license after another failed attempt. At the age of 34 I bought my first car which was a second hand purple Audi. Payton also got pregnant with our first baby which was their first son Elon. The next year Payton got pregnant again with my baby which is their second son Jorge. I also had laryngitis which got cured. At the age of 51 he saved a man from overdosing on drugs. When he turned 52 his mother passed away luckily he had his wife and two sons to support him through this. He got the common cold but got cured from that. His wife was 81 when she passed away from Influenza. At the age of 94 he sadly passed away from a stroke. Everybody that was still alive attended his funeral.

==== Children ====
His first son Elon at the age of 19, moved out and started to study English at Uni. His second son started study psychology at Uni. He then moved out the next year. Elon graduated Uni and got a job as a Jr. Business Analyst. Jorge graduated from Uni and became a Marriage Counselor. His son Jorge married Desiree a 22 year old camerawoman and they had a baby boy Neil Banks. Elon married Jasmin a 49 year old Restaurant Worker. Elon and Jasmin adopted a 5 year old girl Kylie Nelson.

==== Grandchildren ====
His grandson Neil started a job as a Jr. Flight Attendant.

== Christopher Banks 2 (most recent version of the game) ==

=== Early Life ===
[[Category:Fan Characters]]