JB Evans (1929-) was born a male in Oakland, United States on December 29th, 1929 a couple days after Christmas my mother said it was a gift, despite her taking her pills. His mothers name is Layla Evans, a marine biologist (age 40). His father was unknown. And he has an older half brother named Gilbert (age 5).  During his childhood he wanted to explore the world up so, he wanted to go to space and became the first ever astronaut to explore mars and the moon in the bitlife universe.

== Early life ==
His brother at 3, attacked him with a ninja star after getting attacked back. At age 5 he got enrolled into Jones-Rivera Elementary School, a private school. At age 6, he got diagnosed heavily with epilepsy determined to fight it, each year in the hospital as he fought it. He had his first kiss with a girl named Autumn Cross, without tongue, and started dating a girl named Latoya Geller. At age 13 he laughed at a girl causing trouble in his class. At age 14, he got selected for the football team in his new highschool, joined, than quit. He got in trouble at age 17, due to he skipped school. He got her pregnant, and finally started getting a pilot license 

== Personal life ==
At age 20. his girlfriend gave birth to a baby boy named Apollo.  He went on a metatarian diet, and started his degree in engineering. He got her pregnant again and the next gave birth to a girl named Jayla. He started space academy at age 25 working hard until graduation. At age 27, he got into NASA and she got pregnant again.

== Space life ==
continuing later..

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]