''Variation created in honor of Black History Month''. 

'''Perry Garfield''' (February 13, 1919 - May 12, 1971) was an American professional baseball player and psychologist. Garfield's baseball career began in high school, and it continued through his college years when he received an athletic scholarship. He was the pitcher for the Philadelphia Kites for 23 years, from 1941 to 1964. A graduate in psychology, Garfield worked as a psychologist for two years, from 1969 until his murder in 1971. 

==Early life==
Garfield was born in Compton to Emily Garfield, a wedding planner, and Jackie Garfield, a social worker and former amateur baseball player. Perry had several good friends during elementary and middle school, and had a close relationship with his pet cat, Jake. 

At age 14, Garfield started playing baseball during his freshman year in high school. At age 18, upon graduating high school, he received a full athletic scholarship to play baseball at University of California (Class of '41), where he would graduate with a degree in psychology in 1941, at age 22. 

==Career==
In 1941, after graduating from UC, Garfield was offered a one-year, $500k contract to play for the Philadelphia Kites. He accepted it and joined the Kites as a pitcher. The following year, despite the team placing 26th in the league, he recieved the Rookie of the Year award (aka Jackie Robinson Award) for being the most oustanding rookie. Garfield recieved the Most Improved Player Award five times, the first time in 1944 after his third season, and the fifth time in 1948 after his seventh season. 

Between 1942 and 1944, Garfield's career came to a sudden pause when he was drafted into the Army to serve in World War II. Between missions, he would play casual games with his fellow soldiers. Furthermore, he had signed a special contract that allowed him to stay active in the professional roster, even when absent. 

In 1964, Garfield was released from the Kites after twenty-three seasons. Soon after, he was offered a one-year, $7.9M contract to play as pitcher for the Atlanta Bombers. He accepted it and was released from the Bombers after his twenty-fourth season in 1965. This marked the end of his baseball career at the age of 46, as he was never offered another contract.

In 1969, to make use of his degree in psychology, Garfield found work as a school psychiatrist at Compton Public Schools. He helped many children that were either mentally ill or being bullied and even taught some of them how to play baseball. He continued working as a psychologist for two years until his death in 1971. At one point, he even served as an assistant psychology professor at UC, teaching courses similar to those he took when he was a student.

==Personal life==
Garfield was very popular with women during the early stages of his baseball career in the 1940s. In 1942, after several one-night stands, he met his first girlfriend, Maya Tickle, a retired school administrator. They dated from 1942 until Tickle's death in 1945. 

In 1946, Garfield wanted to have a baby with his pregnant third girlfriend, Addison McWeeny, a mail carrier, but she decided not to keep it. Garfield and McWeeny continued dating until 1948, when he met Aria Buffet, another mail carrier, whom he married in 1949. They had five children together and remained married until Garfield's death. 

==Death==
On May 12, 1971, Garfield pickpocketed $3 from a crackhead, $59 from an outlaw, and $12 from a thug. The latter shot Garfield in the scalp with a Gatling gun, killing him. He was 52 years old. Garfield's net worth at the time was $133,832,670. He is survived by his wife and five children. Garfield was posthumously awarded by the Compton Police Department for his heroic act of stealing from a criminal and by Compton Public Schools for his short-lived but outstanding work as a psychologist. He was posthumously inducted into the MLB Hall of Fame. His grave is marked with his five MIP awards. 

==Footnotes==
* By "Jackie Robinson Style," I mean it in the sense that their birthdays and dates of death are similar, and not that Robinson was murdered, which he wasn't.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Doctors]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:World War II veterans]]