'''Soan Francois I''' (3217-3292) was a French reporter and alternative rapper.

== Early life (3217-3240) ==
Francois was born in Lyon, France. He was the only child born to Rayan Francois I and his first wife, Mathilde Pasteur. In 3223, Rayan married [[Elizabeth Cross II]], making Soan her second child.

Francois went to Emlyon Business School and graduated in 3240 with a BA in Finance.

== First reporting career (3240-3250) ==
In 3240, Francois became a junior reporter for Triton TV.

In 3242, Francois was promoted to reporter.

In 3244, Francois was promoted to senior reporter.

In 3247, Francois became famous.

== Music career (3250-3262) ==
In 3250, Francois signed with Medley Records as a rhythm and blues singer. He released his debut alternative rap album, ''Timelines of a Dude.''

In 3251, Francois released his second album, ''When I Get Busted.''

In 3256, Francois released his third album, ''Glory of Velvet.''

In 3261, Francois released his fourth album, ''Even the Wheelbarrow.''

In 3262, Francois was released by Medley.

== Second reporting career (3263-3279) ==
In 3263, Francois became a junior reporter for Farmland Broadcasting Corporation.

In 3265, Francois was promoted to reporter.

In 3267, Francois was promoted to senior reporter.

In 3279, Francois retired.

== Death ==
In 3292, Francois died of natural causes.

== Relationship and child ==
In 3245, Francois started dating a trucker named Mya Pasteur (3224-3304). They had a son:

# [[OG Rippa]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Reporters]]
[[Category:Musicians]]