'''Xiaowen Delan''' (January 24, 1886 - March 27, 1980) was a Chinese businesswoman. 

==Early life and education==
Xiaowen was born in Lanzhou, one of the country's poorest regions. Her single mother was the model Fang Delan (1868 - 1950). 

==Early career==

==Prime==

==Later career==

===Career timeline===
* Black Rock Investments - Internal Auditor (1908-1911)
* Radiance Technologies: 
** Business Analyst (1916-1926)
** Sr. Business Analyst (1926-1927) 
** Assistant Vice President (1927-1931)
** Vice President (1931)
* Kayak Technologies: 
** Business Analyst (1911-1914)
** Vice President (1931-1935)
** First Vice President (1935-1939)
** Senior Vice President (1939-1943)
** Executive Vice President (1943-1947)
** Managing Director (1947-1951) 
** President (1951-1961)

==Personal life==
Since her mother had given birth to her at a young age, Delan was in no rush to have her own children, and thus spent her younger years focusing more on her career than social life. However, Fang, eager to become a grandmother, pressured Xiaowen to start her own family as soon as possible. In 1918, Fang arranged a marriage between Xiaowen and Chaoxiang Kuo (1889/1890 - 1965/1966), who just so happened to work at Kayak Tech. Delan and Kuo would go on to have three children, including Yanlin Kuo (1919 - ????), Bong Delan (born 1921), and He Kuo (born 1926). Yanlin is a retired pilot and licensed veterinarian, Bong worked as a grocer at Kǎ dé tè záhuò diàn (卡德特杂货店; Cadet Grocery), and He is a marine biologist for Lánzhōu dān (兰州丹; Dan of Lanzhou). 

Although the marriage seemed more convenient than romantic, Delan and Kuo maintained a friendly and moderately healthy relationship for nearly twenty years. One day in 1936, Delan came home from work early to find Chaoxiang partaking in an orgy. Supposedly, some of the participants were Delan and Kuo's co-workers, both from Kayak and the other companies that Xiaowen previously worked for. Finally having an excuse to get back at her mother for forcing her into a marriage instead of letting her find love on her own, Delan divorced Kuo later that year. She even tried to fire him from Kayak out of spite, but Kuo had allegedly obtained some form of immunity from their marriage that could not be reverted. 

Within the same year of the divorce, Delan sought full custody of her children. She first took Kuo to court under the argument that he allegedly ate chocolate bugs. Xiaowen lost the hearing and was ordered to pay almost $1,500 in child support. The next year, in 1937, Delan came back with a much stronger accusation and sued Kuo again. She alleged that there were times that Chaoxiang would go through abusive phases, even locking their children in a shed. Regardless of the claim's plausibility, Delan won the hearing and regained custody of her children. Kuo was ordered to pay over $2,000 in child support, more than what Delan was previously ordered. 

Delan died on March 27, 1980, at the age of 94. She is survived by her three children and any possible grandchildren. 

{{nav|prev = [[Xiaowen Delan (V1.36)]]|next = [[Xiaowen Delan (V1.38)]]}}