'''Aisha Kovacevic II''' (3824-after 3884), also known by her nickname '''One-Tit Aisha''', is an Italian mail carrier and former mafiosa.

== Early life (3824-3842) ==
Kovacevic was born in Genoa, Italy. She is the youngest of 37 children born to [[Landon Kovacevic]] and the only child born to his third girlfriend Emma Gelli.

In 3836, Kovacevic came out of the closet as bisexual.

Kovacevic went to Lifeblood Secondary School, but dropped out after being convicted of burglary.

In 3841, Kovacevic burgled a house, was convicted, escaped, burgled another house, was arrested, and was convicted again. She escaped prison in 3842.

== Mafia career (3842-3870) ==
In 3842, Kovacevic joined the Garibaldi Sicilian mafia family as an associate.

In 3843, Kovacevic extorted the CEO of De Luca Savings & Loan for €25,000. When the CEO offered €9,500, Kovacevic hog-tied her to a car and dragged her down a dirt road. She was captured by the Italian police and was sent back to prison for two years. She appealed the case to the Ligurian court of appeals, and the sentence was reduced to one year. She was incarcerated at Genoa Supermax until being released in 3844.

In 3851, Kovacevic became a soldier after performing a drive-by shooting on a mariachi singer.

In 3859, Kovacevic was promoted to caporegime.

In 3869, Kovacevic was promoted to underboss after murdering Mario the Cage.

In 3870, Kovacevic was promoted to godmother. Shortly afterwards, she stopped reporting to the Family.

== Postal career (3871-3884) ==
In 3871, Kovacevic became a junior mail carrier for Poste Italiane.

In 3874, Kovacevic was promoted to mail carrier.

In 3877, Kovacevic was promoted to senior mail carrier.

Kovacevic outlived her son Maurizio, but her exact death date is unknown.

== Relationships and children ==
From 3834 to 3841, Kovacevic dated a student named Andrea Albano (3824-after 3884). They had a son, [[Maurizio Albano]].

From 3858 to 3859, Kovacevic dated a South African-born student named Maphikelela Nonkululeko (3840-after 3870). They had a son, Lethabo Nonkululeko (3859-after 3884).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Italians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]