''In this Korean name, the surname is Yu.''

'''Yu Kok Sun''' (2884-after 2951) was a South Korean porn star, politician, and anime singer.

== Early life (2884-2902) ==
Yu was born in Gangnam, Seoul. She was the younger of two children born to [[Ji Jung]] and the only one born to her second boyfriend Yu Yoongi.

In 2890, Yu enrolled at Little Gwak Primary School.

In 2896, Yu enrolled at Diamond Lower Secondary School.

In 2899, Yu enrolled at Lee Upper Secondary School.

In 2902, Yu graduated from upper secondary school.

== Porn career (2902-2909) ==
In 2902, Yu became a porn cameraman for Destiny Erotica.

In 2905, Yu was promoted to porn actor.

In 2909, Yu became famous. She resigned.

== Political career (2909-2929) ==
In 2909, Yu ran for election to the Gangnam Seocho District Education Office and beat Bognar Szandra.

In 2914, Yu ran for Mayor of Gangnam as a Democrat and beat Progressive candidate Park Ye-jun.

In 2919, Yu ran for Mayor of Seoul, but lost the primary. She enrolled at Seoul National University. She majored in political science.

In 2923, Yu graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science.

In 2924, Yu ran for Mayor of Seoul and beat Reform candidate Kwon Pyon.

In 2929, Yu ran for President of South Korea, but lost to Green candidate Seong An.

== Music career (2930-2951) ==
In 2930, Yu signed with Celestial Records as a K-pop singer. She released her debut anime album, ''Obsessed'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 2931.

In 2938, Yu released her second album, ''False Heart'', which went gold in 2939.

In 2940, Yu released her third album, ''POP Star'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 2941, Yu released her fourth album, ''Inside Castle.''

In 2942, Yu released her fifth album, ''The Sixth Season.''

Yu was alive in 2951, but her death date is unknown.

== Relationship and children ==
In 2894, Yu started dating a student named Cha Chin, Sr. (2884-after 2951), who became a restaurateur in 2903. They had two children:

# Cha Yun Hye (2899-2947), school teacher
# [[Cha Chin, Jr.]]

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Koreans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Mayors]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Old people]]