Louis Wang (né Jiang, 2107-2230) was a Singaporean-Chinese bluegrass singer.

== Early life ==
Louis Wang was born Louis Jiang in Singapore, Singapore in 2107. In 2114, he was adopted by [[Chu Hua Wang]] and her boyfriend On Kao, and his last name was changed to that of his mother. He moved to Shenzhen, China.

Wang went to public school at Yunming Ti’en Lower Secondary School and Unity Preparatory School. He also started taking voice lessons at the age of 13 and acting lessons at 14.

== Music career ==
In 2125, Wang signed with Harp Entertainment as a solo country singer. He released 12 bluegrass albums and gone on 16 tours before retiring in 2187.

In 2137, he wrote a book titled ''True Story!''

After retiring, Wang enrolled in college.

== Writing career ==
In 2191, Wang became a writer for Discount Press.

== Death ==
In 2230, Wang died of old age at 123. He was the world’s oldest person. As he had no children, the Bennett Legacy ended after 240 years.

== Marriages ==
Wang started dating a student named Jing Kai-shek (2107-2217) in 2120. They were married from 2130 until Kai-shek’s death.

In 2217, Wang married a writer named Ru Ho (born 2165).

== Pets ==
In 2120, Wang inherited a dingo named Charlie (2105-2121) from his mother.

In 2121, Wang and his father adopted a viszla named Elon (2114-2129).

In 2125, Wang bought a wildcat named Ellie (2116-2145) from an exotic pet dealer.

In 2145, Wang bought a gorilla named Ella (2104-2175).

In 2175, Wang adopted a tabby cat named Cheyenne (2163-2184).

In 2176, Wang bought a Sphynx kitten named Bao (2176-2185).

In 2185, Wang bought a squirrel monkey named Teeny (2176-2197).

In 2197, Wang bought a Bengal tiger named Clawdia (2178-2198).

In 2198, Wang adopted a Labrador retriever named Punky (2195-2203).

In 2199, Wang bought a Burmese python named Mila (2198-2217).

In 2217, Wang bought a wildcat named Cupcake (2213-2221).

In 2221, Wang bought a leopard named Knuckles (born 2219).

== Discography ==
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Title
!Lead-off track
!Release date
!Certification
|-
|Ain’t No Other Trail
|I Love My Country
|2125
|Gold (2125)
|-
|Go On Down
|Sweetie, I’m All By Myself 
|2126
|Gold (2128)
|-
|Familiar Roads
|Midnight and Melodies
|2129
|Double Platinum (2129)
|-
|Go On Under
|I Tolerate You This Much
|2132
|Double Platinum (2132)
|-
|Natty Lights and Girls in Tights
|Flipped My Trailer
|2136
|Gold (2136)
|-
|Ain’t Ready to Shout Love
|I Will Partially Love You 
|2140
|Gold (2140), Platinum (2158)
|-
|Martiniville
|A Graphic for a Trailer
|2143
|Gold (2143), Platinum (2150)
|-
|Browner Pastures
|Throwdown at the Drinkin’ Hole
|2146
|Double Platinum (2146)
|-
|I Knew You Were A Dumpster Fire 
|Failures of the South
|2163
|Gold (2164)
|-
|Ain’t No Other Cowboy
|Throwdown at the Fishin’ Pole
|2174
|Double Platinum (2174)
|-
|Going to Bed Convulsing 
|I Will Occasionally Love You 
|2180
|
|-
|The Unsung Ballad of Louis Wang
|Ginger, You’re My Number Four
|2181
|Gold (2184)
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Singaporeans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Chinese]]