'''Matthew Bulger''' (September 14, 1933 - July 24, 2021) was an Irish architect and sailor. Occasionally, he also went by "'''Matt Driscoll'''."

==Childhood, college and life at sea==
Bulger was born as the result of a blind date in Shannon. His mother, Lorna Driscoll (1911 - 1958), was an insurance agent. His father, Thomas Bulger (1872 - 1964), was a history teacher for Shannon Public Schools. 

Bulger began his water training at Geuser Junior Secondary School by joining the swim team. He never became the team captain, but he swam fast nonetheless. Also being a fan of art and statues, especially famous ones, he majored in architecture at Shannon's university, which he attended from 1951 to 1955. At college, he was the captain of the rowing team, which he considered to be practice for when he ventured out to sea. 

Following graduation, Bulger joined the Naval Service as an officer. He started off as an Ensign and was among the little known Irishmen that participated in the Vietnam War. 

At the end of the war in 1975, Bulger retired from the Navy. 

==Architectural career==
Bulger began working as a Jr. Architect for the Crown Shannon Firm in 1978. He worked very hard over the years and would eventually become a Sr. Architect. Bulger retired around 2008 or later.

==Personal life==
During his second year at secondary school, Bulger's classmate, Aoife Freney, future graphic desiner for Murray Design, asked him to help her cheat on an exam. He offered to help her instead. They became friends that year, and started dating the next year. Mattie proposed to Aoife in 1952. She accepted, and after four years of engagement, they eloped in 1956. They have three children, including [[Richard Bulger|Richard]], and two grandchildren.

==Death==
Bulger died on July 24, 2021, aged 87.

==Selected works==

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Irish People]]