Hilda Walkowiak (1926-2027) was a  famous politician and Criminal in alot of countries.

== Early Life ==
Hildas Birthplace is unknown. At the Age of 1 she was adopted by famous Physician [[Mats Walkowiak]]. Starting at the Age of Eight Hilda Lived in Switzerland to escape the Nazis. Here she went to School and later studied Biology. 

== Adult Life ==

=== Adult Life in Germany and Switzerland ===

==== Switzerland ====
Unlike her Father Hilda remained In Switzerland after the End of WW2. While working as an Biologist she met Joseph Sommer who would later become her Husband. Her First Son was also born here in the Year 1962

==== Germany ====
Hilda Moved to Germany in the Year 1967 to take care of her elderly father. Her second and third son were also born here in the Years 1968 and 1969. After her fathers death she wanted to continue his legacy and so ran for and got elected as the mayor of bonn in the year 1981. In the year 1983 her middle child died of sickle cell disease

=== First Crime Spree ===
After only 472 days in her Office it was found, that she had been accepting bribes and pocketing Funds into her own pockets. Further Investigation found that Hilda was a psychopath and responsible for a lot of violent crimes in the last 3 years. She got convicted of 27 years in Prison. However she quickly escaped Prison and then disappeared. Later it was found out that she actually fled to canada, where she stayed hidden for a while before legally emigrating to Bolivia

=== Live in Bolivia ===
Hilda came to Bolivia in the year 1985. Here she quickly worked her way up the Political ladder. After being the mayor of the small town of Potosi for five years she got elected as the Mayor of Sucre. She was a well liked and good mayor , introducing a lot of laws in favor of the people. As her second Term came to an end she tried hard to implement a rule that would allow her to run for a third term. However this backfired horribly as People became suspicious of her Motivations.

=== Second Crime Spree ===
After her failed attempt to run for a third term, there was a bit more digging done and the shocking discovery was made that she had been corrupt all the Time and again committing violent crimes, The Bolivian administration contacted the german one, which took the discovery of her quite serious. However before she could be arrested Hilda had realised what was up and fled the country. After a Chase through multiple countries including Sweden,Ethioipia and Mexico Hilda landed in Finland, where she staid hidden for four years, before being found. She then fled to portugal where she was captured at age 80 in the year 2006 after a five year chase. However she fled Prison again and emigrated to Angola, where she would stay for the rest of her life.

=== Life in Angola ===
Hilda life in Angola was rather peaceful. She volunteered at an animal shelter and helped out in a wildlife park. She actually ran for the position of mayor for Luanda and got elected in the year 2025. Two years later she died in her sleep at age 101

== Repercussions on her family ==
Her two surviving Sons Danek and Lian have both stated that they hate Hilda and never had anything to do with her. It is obvius that after her escape in the Year 1983 and again during the police chase in the early 2000s the sons got a lot of attention. However the two sons reacted completely different to this attention. While Danek gave a lot of Interviews and embraced the Fame, Lian became reclusive and barely spoke to the Reporters
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]