'''Stephen Cross I''' (2194-2277) was a British-American mailman and convicted burglar.

== Early life (2194-2212) ==
Cross was born in Ipswich, England. He was the 11th of 12 children born to [[Darius Cross III]] and the fourth of five born to his fifth girlfriend, Florencia Martinez.

In 2204, Cross messed with three of his primary school classmates, Alistair (2194-after 2205), Anne (2194-after 2205), and Barry (2194-after 2205).

In 2205, Cross briefly went to Ally Secondary School. He skipped school three times, but had over 70% popularity. He burgled a referee’s house and was sentenced to 1 year of juvenile detention. He dropped out of school and served his sentence at Ipswich Juvenile Detention Center.

In 2206, Cross was released from juvenile detention.

In 2212, Cross emigrated to San Francisco, California.

== Career (2218-2260) ==
In 2218, Cross became a junior mail carrier for the United States Postal Service.

In 2221, Cross was promoted to mail carrier.

In 2224, Cross was promoted to senior mail carrier.

In 2260, Cross retired.

== Death ==
In 2277, Cross died of natural causes.

== Relationship and children ==
In 2212, Cross started dating a policewoman named Ally Fudge (2194-2274). They had four children:

# Renesmee Cross IV (2213-2299), trucker
# Dixie Cross II (2214-2274), jeweler
# Tiara Cross II (2215-2291), travel agent
# [[Darius Cross V]]

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Mail Carriers]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Burglars]]
[[Category:Old people]]