Treasures are part of the Black Market Expansion Pack, released on July 31, 2023. Treasures are rare items acquired by the player at estate sales, auctions, OnlyFans or on the black market. Some treasures are found only via one method whereas others can be found via multiple. Once collected and appraised, they can be displayed at the player's museum. As of September 2023, there are 351 unique treasures. The sections below contain lists of all known antiques. These lists are not complete.

== Antiques ==
There are 51 total antiques. This is a complete list of all known antiques as of September 2023.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Antiques:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content"> 
#Action Comics #1
#Athletic Cup
#Batman #1
#Beloved
#Blue China Set
#Cameo Brooch
#Camera
#Canterbury Tales
#Chamber Pot
#Chandelier
#Chastity Belt
#Cloud Guitar
#Detective Comics #27
#Diamond Pickaxe
#Dragon Carving
#Drum Sticks
#Glass Vase
#Grandfather Clock
#Guitar
#Harry Potter
#Heart Of The Ocean
#Helm
#Ivory Dildo
#Kama Sutra
#Kitsune Mask
#Lacquered Chest
#Mahjong Set
#Malin-hansen Typewriter
#Mermaid Masthead
#Ming Vase
#Noh Mask
#Ocarina
#Oni Mask
#Phonograph
#Pirate Ship Bell
#Pocket Watch
#Porcelain Doll
#Romeo & Juliet
#Sex For Dummies
#Silk Condom
#Stoneware Jug
#Sugar Tongs
#Taxidermy Raccoon
#Tea Set
#The Hobbit
#Trident
#Trumpet
#Vocoder
#Webster's Dictionary
#White Microphone
#Witch's Broom
</div>

== Art ==
There are 41 total pieces of art. This is a list of all pieces of art.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Art:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
# A.B. Still
# Abstraktes Bild 
# American Gothic
# Balloon Dog
# Bust of Nefertiti
# Campbell's Soup Can
# Capitoline Wolf
# Christina's World
# Convergence
# Drowning Girl
# Four Marilyns
# Girl With A Pearl Earring
# Girl With Balloon
# Great Wave Off Kanagawa
# Guernica
# Hopeless
# Jimson Weed
# Love Is In The Bin
# Meules
# Moai Statue
# Mona Lisa
# Pine Trees
# Poker Game
# Ram In A Thicket
# Red Cliff
# Sansui Chokan
# Six Persimmons
# Statue Of David
# Sunflowers
# The Birth Of Venus
# The Dance
# The Kiss
# The Persistence Of Memory
# The Rongxi Studio
# The Scream
# The Starry Night
# The Treachery Of Images
# The Two Fridas
# Untitled
# Water Lilies
# Woman Ill</div>

== Automobiles ==
There are 50 total automobiles. This is a list of all automobiles. For similar automobiles, bolding is used to distinguish.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Automobiles:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content"> 
#1908 Ford (Model-T Touring)
#1931 Bentley (4-1/2 litre Blower)
#1931 Duesenberg (Model J Coupe)
#1939 Alfa Romeo (8C 2900)
#1939 Mercedes-Benz (540K Special Roadster)
#1954 Mercedes-Benz (W196 Silver Arrow)
#1956 Mercedes-Benz (300 SL Gullwing)
#1957 BMW (507)
#1960 Maserati (Birdcage (Tipo 61))
#1962 Ferrari (250 GTO)
#1963 Aston Martin (DP215)
#1963 Chevrolet (Corvette C2 Z06 "Big Tank")
#1963 Shelby (289 Cobra CSX 2147)
#1965 Aston Martin (DB5)
#1965 Shelby (427 Cobra Roadster)
#1967 Mazda (Cosmo 110 Sport)
#1967 Toyota (2000 GT)
#1968 Ford (GT40 Gulf/ Mirage)
#1969 Dodge (Charger Daytona)
#1970 Nissan (Z432R)
#1970 Plymouth ('''Hemi 'Cuda''' Convertible)
#1970 Plymouth ('''Road Runner''' Superbird)
#1973 Ferrari (Dino 246 GTS)
#1974 BMW (3.0 CSL Batmobile)
#1980 BMW (M1)
#1985 Audi (Sport Quattro)
#1989 Porsche ('''911 Turbo 930''')
#1989 Porsche ('''959''')
#1997 Nissan (GT-R 400R Nismo)
#1997 Porsche (911 GT1 Strassenversion)
#1998 McLaren (F1)
#1999 Bentley (Hunaudieres Concept)
#2000 Honda (NSX-R)
#2000 Nissan (Skyline R34 GT-R F&F)
#2002 Ferrari (Enzo)
#2004 Pagani (Zonda)
#2006 Mitsubishi (Lancer Evolution IX MR)
#2007 Porsche (Carrera GT)
#2008 Rolls-Royce (Pininfarina Phantom Hyperion)
#2009 Mercedes-Benz (SLR McLaren Stirling Moss)
#2010 Koeningsegg (CCX)
#2012 Lamborghini (Aventador J)
#2012 Lexus (LFA Nurburgring)
#2014 Lamborghini (Veneno Roadster)
#2016 Lamborghini (Centenario)
#2017 Ferrari (LaFerrari Aperta)
#2019 Lamborghini (Sian FKP 37)
#2019 Roll-Royce (Armored Cullivan)
#2021 Bentley (Mullinear Bacalar)
#2021 Rolls-Royce (Ghost)
</div>

== Fashion ==
There are 52 total pieces of fashion. This is a list of all fashion pieces, as of February 2024.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Fashion:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
#Ao Dai
#Black Dress
#Blazer
#Blue High Heels
#Cap
#Chainmail Tunic
#Cheongsam
#Combat Boots
#Cone Bra
#Disc Dress
#Fashion Cape
#Flapper Dress
#Fur Loincloth
#Green Dress
#Hanbok
#Handbag
#Hanfu
#Hazmat Suit
#Helmet (Trojan)
#Hood
#Hoodie
#Kabuki Costume
#Little Black Dress
#Meat Dress
#Mourning Dress
#Pantaloons
#Pink Dress
#Pink Shoes
#Purple Jumpsuit
#Purse
#Red Jumpsuit
#Red Scarf
#Red Swimsuit
#Ruff
#Sari
#Shoes (Original Yeezys)
#Silk Kimono
#Slingbacks
#Slippers
#Smoking Tuxedo
#Sneakers
#Sunglasses
#Swan Dress
#Toga
#Trench Coat
#Tweed Suit
#Viking Helmet
#Wedding Dress
#White Dress
#White Gloves
#White Jumpsuit
#Yellow Jumpsuit
</div>

== Gemstones ==
There are 18 total gemstones. This is a list of all gemstones.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Gemstones:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content"> 
#Amethyst
#Aquamarine
#Bixbite
#Black Opal
#Black Pearl
#Blue Diamond
#Diamond
#Emerald
#Jadeite
#Padparadscha
#Pearl
#Pink Diamond
#Pink Pearl
#Ruby
#Sapphire
#Topaz
#Zircon
#Yellow Diamond
</div>

== Historical Relics ==
There are 48 total historical relics. This is a list of all historical relics, as of March 2025.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Historical Relics:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content"> 
#Alexander The Great's Breastplate
#Ammonite Fossil
#Ankh
#Anubis Statue
#Armor
#Bloomers
#Blue Diamond
#Booty
#Brass Nose
#Ceremonial Knife
#Claw Fossil
#Coprolite
#Crown
#Death Mask
#Dice
#Dinosaur Egg
#Dinosaur Skin
#Ear Trumpet
#Effigy
#Fortepiano
#Goblet
#Gold Coin
#Gold Comb
#Golden Spike
#Incense Burner
#Ishtar Gate
#Laurel Crown
#Map
#Mayan Goblet
#Mayan Urn
#Mummified Cat
#Mummified Dog
#Navajo Pot
#Nebra Sky Disk
#Obelisk
#Samurai Armor
#Samurai Helmet
#Sculpting Tools
#Shield
#Spike Fossil
#Stone Axe
#Sun Stone
#Terracotta Solider
#Toothbrush
#Torc
#T-Rex Skull
#Triceratops Horn
#Writing Desk
</div>

== Sports Memorabilia ==
There are 49 total pieces of sports memorabilia. This is a complete list of all known sports memorabilia as of January 2024.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Sports Memorabilia:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content"> 
#Armband
#Autographed Baseball
#Autographed Basketball
#Baseball
#Basketball Jersey
#Basketball Shoe
#Basketball Shorts
#Bong
#Boombox
#Boxing Gloves
#Boxing Trunks
#Bracelet
#Bronze Bust
#Cell Phone
#Championship Belt
#Deflated Football
#Football
#Football Jersey
#Gear Shift
#Grappling Gloves
#Gretzky Card
#Helmet (Lance Armstrong)
#Ice Skates
#James Card
#Leotard
#Mantle Card
#Messi Card
#Mouthguard (Steph Curry)
# Pinstripe Suit
# Press Pass
# Relay Baton
# Running Shoes
#Shin Guards
#Skateboard
#Skis
#Snowboard
#Snowboard Bindings
#Soccer Cleats
#Sock (Michael Jordan)
#Socks
#Soda Can
#Swim Goggles
#Tennis Racket
#Tennis Shorts (Novak Djokovic)
#Tennis Shorts (Roger Federer)
#Ticket Stub
#Tooth (Wayne Gretzky)
#Wagner Card
#Wrestling Briefs (Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson)
</div>

==Weapons==
There are 42 total weapons. This is a complete list of all known weapons as of September 2023.
<div class="mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="width:100%">
'''List of Weapons:'''
<div class="mw-collapsible-content">
# Bayonet
# Blowgun
# Blunderbuss
# Boomerang
# Bowie Knife
# Brass Knuckles
# Broadsword
# Cannon
# Chainsaw
# Crossbow
# Gold Handaxe
# Guillotine
# Halberd
# Harpoon Gun
# Holy Grenade
# Javelin
# Joyeuse
# Lance
# Light Saber
# Longbow
# Mahogany Club
# Masamune Katana
# Meteor Hammer
# Mons Meg
# Morning Star
# Musket
# Nunchuks
# Obsidian Dagger
# Scimitar
# Scythe
# Shuriken
# Silver Mace
# Slingshot
# Stiletto
# Sword of Goujian
# Sword Of Mercy
# Tizona
# Tomahawk
# Trebuchet
# Urumi
# Wallace Sword
# Wooden Stake</div>