'''Hamilton Theo IV BS''' (2444-2531) was a South Korean porn star, politician, and K-pop star.

== Early life (2444-2462) ==
Hamilton was born in Gangnam, South Korea. He was the youngest of five children born to [[Theo Hamilton, Jr., Baron of Warwick]] and the younger of two born to his second girlfriend Elizabeth Woodcock.

In 2450, Hamilton enrolled at Seo-hyeon Cha Primary School.

In 2456, Hamilton enrolled at Diamond Lower Secondary School.

In 2459, Hamilton enrolled at Cloud Nine Preparatory School.

In 2462, Hamilton graduated from upper secondary school.

== Porn career (2462-2469) ==
In 2462, Hamilton became a porn cameraman for Destiny Erotica.

In 2465, Hamilton was promoted to porn actor.

In 2469, Hamilton became famous. He resigned.

== Political career (2469-2489) ==
In 2469, Hamilton ran for election to the Gangnam Seocho District Education Office and beat Jo Ha-yoon.

In 2474, Hamilton ran for Mayor of Gangnam as a Democrat and beat Progressive candidate Sim Yu.

In 2479, Hamilton ran for Mayor of Seoul, but lost the Democratic primary. He enrolled at Seoul National University. He majored in finance.

In 2483, Hamilton graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Finance.

In 2484, Hamilton ran for Mayor of Seoul as a Democrat and beat Progressive candidate Jang Mun.

In 2489, Hamilton ran for President of South Korea as a Democrat, but lost to People Power candidate Jo Sung.

== Music career (2493-2515) ==
In 2493, Hamilton signed with Sedona Beats as a K-pop singer. He released his first anime album, ''T x T'', which went gold in 2499. 

In 2494, Hamilton released his second album, ''You Made My Dusk''.

In 2495, Hamilton released his third album, ''IndiGO''. 

In 2500, Hamilton released his fourth album and first ballad album, ''Blast Factory'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2501.  

In 2504, Hamilton released his fifth album, ''Phenomenon in Black'', which went gold in 2505.  

In 2509, Hamilton released his sixth album, ''Reality in Blue'', which went double platinum in less than a year.  

In 2515, Hamilton retired. He ran for President of South Korea as a Democrat, but lost to People Power candidate Yang Hak.  

== Death ==
In 2531, Hamilton died of old age.

== Relationship and child ==
In 2490, Hamilton started dating a school administrator named Mun Uh Se (2454-2554). They have a daughter:

# [[Hamilton Tilda IV]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Koreans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Mayors]]
[[Category:Musicians]]