Walter Crunk (1992-2075) was an American-British lobbyist and church singer.

== Early life ==
Crunk was born in Baltimore, Maryland. [[Lauren Gulch]] became his stepmother when he was one. He went to the University of Maryland and graduated with a BS in Political Science in 2014.

== Lobbying career ==
In 2014, Crunk became a lobbyist for Begonia Financial. He retired in 2035.

== Music career ==
In 2040, Crunk signed with Impact Entertainment as a worship singer and released his debut church album. He retired after releasing his last album in 2058 and emigrated to Bristol, England.

== Death ==
In 2075, Crunk died of old age. His funeral was held in Bristol.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2013 to 2025, Crunk was married to a university student named Lily Smith (1986-after 2059), who later became an internal auditor. They had a son, Peyton Crunk (2025-after 2076). Less than a year after they divorced, Crunk and Smith started dating again. They broke up in 2058.

In 2058, Crunk started dating a trucker named Felicity Thompson (2030-after 2076). They had a daughter, [[Carson Crunk]].

== Discography ==
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Year
!Title
!Lead-off
|-
|2040
|Four Pillars
|Perpetual Feeling
|-
|2041
|The Profit
|The Errors That Plague Us
|-
|2042
|Man of Remorse
|Knees Down, Eyes Up
|-
|2043
|Affirming Pillar of Purity
|The Whole in Me
|-
|2047
|He Fills Me Up 
|Place Your Love Inside Me
|-
|2051
|Love Love Everywhere
|Blazing Holy Expulsion
|-
|2055
|Just As I Ram
|Fill Me Up (With Your Love)
|-
|2058
|Just As I Clam
|All the Presence I Need
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Lobbyists]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:British People]]