'''Jermaine Cross II''' (3041-after 3116) was a French bluegrass singer and business analyst.

== Early life (3041-3066) ==
Cross was born in Lyon, France. He was the youngest of four children born to [[Sonny Cross II]] and zir second partner Agathe Guillot. He was named for his 17x great-uncle.

Cross went to ENSL and graduated with a Licence in English Studies in 3064. He went to Emlyon Business School and graduated with an MBA in 3066.

== Music career (3072-3089) ==
In 3072, Cross signed with Oasis Studios as a country singer. He released his debut bluegrass album, ''Country Steel'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3073, Cross released his second album, ''The Limeade Stand'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3074, Cross released his fourth album, ''Itty Bitty Bluebird'', which went gold in 3076.

In 3079, Cross released his fifth album, ''Dumplin’, I’m a Lone Canine'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 3089.

In 3084, Cross released his sixth album, ''Champagneville'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 3088.

In 3089, Cross was released by Oasis.

== Business analysis career (3090-3103) ==
In 3090, Cross became a junior business analyst for Fingerwell Corp.

In 3100, Cross was promoted to business analyst.

In 3103, Cross retired.

== Later life ==
Cross was alive in 3116, but his death date is unknown.

== Relationship and child ==
In 3067, Cross started dating a Zimbabwean-born firewoman named Kundai Takawira (3046-after 3116). They had a son:

# [[Perry Cross II]]

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Old people]]