'''Leo Statham XII''' (5522-5634) was an Irish retired politician.

== Early life (5522-5540) ==
Statham was born in Dublin, Ireland. He is the youngest of three children born to [[Leo Statham XI]] and his ex-girlfriend Gulaiym Majceev.

Statham went to Opus Secondary School.

== Career (5540-5620) ==
In 5540, Statham graduated from secondary school. He ran for election to the Dublin City Council and beat Maeve Graham. He received over €1,000 from his father and won €7.78 million at Cobalt Dublin Casino.

In 5545, Statham ran for reelection and beat Jordan Murray.

In 5550, Statham ran for Mayor of Dublin as a member of Sinn Fein and beat Green Party candidate Amy Nolan.

In 5555, Statham ran for reelection and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Lilian Bulger.

In 5560, Statham ran for a third term and beat Green Party candidate Tom Stewart.

In 5565, Statham ran for a fourth term and beat PBP-Solidarity candidate Siobhan O’Toole.

In 5570, Statham ran for a fifth term and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Tadgh Kelly.

In 5575, Statham ran for a sixth term and beat Green Party candidate Gerald O’Callaghan.

In 5580, Statham ran for a seventh term and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Jack Yeats.

In 5585, Statham ran for an eighth term and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Fiona Samuel.

In 5590, Statham ran for a ninth term and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Amelia James.

In 5595, Statham ran for a 10th term, but lost to PBP-Solidarity candidate Kevin Patten. He ran for a third term on the Dublin City Council and beat Josh Jones.

In 5600, Statham ran for a 10th term and beat Green Party candidate Neil Samuel.

In 5605, Statham ran for an 11th term and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Michael Freney.

In 5610, Statham ran for a 12th term and beat PBP-Solidarity candidate Ciara Kinahan.

In 5615, Statham ran for a 13th term and beat Green Party candidate Lorna Williams.

In 5620, Statham did not run for a 14th term.

== Death ==
In 5634, Statham died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
From 5538 to 5546, Statham dated a student named Emer Brosnan (5522-5550), who became a firewoman in 5540. They had seven children, Leo XIII (5539-5616), Dorothy (5541-5634), Charlie (5542-5617), Faye (5543-5621), Mason (5544-5593), Donal (5545-5631), and Alex Statham (5546-5632).

In 5546, Statham had one night stands with seven women: a policewoman named Caroline Maguire (5516-5581), a mailwoman named Patricia Davies (5518-5598), an insurance agent named Mia McCormick-Nolan (5519-5613), a camerawoman named Chelsea McNulty (5521-5597), a travel agent named Lucy Doyle (née Thomas-Wilson, 5522-5597), a real estate agent named Lauren Doherty (5527-after 5618), and a Costa Rican-born real estate agent named Izak Gomez (later came out as a transgender man, born Ivelis Gomez, 5527-5615). Statham has a son, Thomas Maguire (5547-5625), from his hookup with Maguire.

From 5616 to 5618, Statham started dating a student named Chelsea Deevy (5597-after 5660). They had two children, Agnes Statham (5617-after 5660) and [[Leo Statham XIV]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Irish People]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Old people]]