'''Kayla Marjorie Carter''' (neé '''Zucker''', September 2, 1946 - May 7, 2022) was an American police officer.

==Early life and education==
Kayla was born on September 2, 1946, in Biloxi, Mississippi, United States, to Sandra Stroker (1913-1997) and Malcolm Zucker (1912-1985). She was conceived in an affair. She had an older half brother, Jasper Slayer (1943-2017). When Kayla was only a year old, her father married Brittany Burton (1909-1986), who already had a son, John (1937-2007) from a previous relationship. During her childhood, she gained two half sisters through her mother: Mikiyah Stroker (1951-????)  and Tiffany Vega (1952-????) (note: it is unknown whether either of them are still alive, but it is known that they were alive at the time of Kayla's death). Kayla did not get along with her stepmother or her stepbrother at first, but she slowly bonded with them throughout her childhood, and she would remain on good terms with both of them until their respective deaths. Kayla had a good relationship with her biological family, and would remain close to them throughout her entire life.

Kayla attended Elon Fartlander Elementary School, St. Evelyn's Middle School, and Biloxi High School. She graduated from her alma mater as part of the class of 1964. She did not go to college, instead opting to go straight into the workforce.

==Career==
Kayla got a job as a patrolman for Biloxi's police department at the age of 18. She was promoted to Trooper in 1967, Corporal in 1970, Sergeant in 1973, Inspector in 1976, Lieutenant in 1979, and finally Chief of Police in 1986. She would remain chief of police before she was forced to retire in January 2013. 

===Notable arrests===
====1964-1967====

====1968-1970====

====1971-1973====

====1974-1976====

====1977-1979====

====1980-1986====

====1987-2013====

==Personal life==
Kayla met Carlton Carter (1951-????) in late 1969. They married in 1972, and would remain married until Kayla died. They had ten children (six sons and four daughters): Henry (born 1972), Buck (born 1974), Walter (born 1976), Sierra (born 1978), Quincy (born 1980), Robert (born 1982), Marvin (born 1984), Natalie (born 1986), Carrie (born 1988), and Arleen (born 1990). Carlton passed away sometime after her death.

In 1997, she became a grandmother when Henry's eldest son, Nathan, was born. She would then go on to have nineteen more grandchildren during her lifetime, and another grandson was born after her death. Out of all of her granchildren, four are Henry's children, one is Buck's adopted son, two are Walter's children, four are Sierra's children, four are Quincy's children, two are Robert's children, three are Marvin's children, and one is Carrie's son. Natalie and Arleen do not have any children.<br />

==Death==
Kayla passed away peacefully on May 7, 2022. She was 75 years old. She was survived by her husband, Carlton, her 10 children, her 21 granchildren, and her half sisters, Mikiyah and Tiffany (her stepbrother, John, and her half brother, Jasper, both passed away while she was still alive), all of whom attended her funeral (with the exception of her youngest grandson, Moe, who was not born yet at the time of her death). Family members described her as a disciplined person. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Police officers]]