Joshua Mayweather (1884-) was born on May 12th, 1884 in Las Vegas, United States. His mother is Charlotte Mayweather, a receptionist (age 25). And his father Lonnie Mayweather, an unemployed person (age 68). He has a family dog named Noah. He is going to continue the Mayweather Generation. Will finish prob in a week

== Early life and education (1889-1902) ==
At age 3, his dog passed away at the age of 7, after finding a quiet place behind the house to pass away peacefully, Joshua attended his funeral. At age 4, his parents gave birth to a baby boy named Chris, his new brother. At age 5, he got enrolled into Glasscock Elementary School. At age 8 his classmate, Deja is threatening to pull the fire alarm in his teacher, Mrs. Bakers class. He just laughed. Around that age he became good friends with a boy named Robin Bennett. At age 10 he passed his eye exam, around 4 months later he asked out Faith McDonald, she accepted. At age 13, his father died while sleeping peacefully bring another Mayweather gone. At age 14, he got diagnosed with depression. At age 15, his mother give birth to a baby girl named Sandra. At age 17, his half sister got diagnosed with whooping cough and his mother married his new stepfather, Baker Dover-Goodhead. At age 18, he graduated Highschool.


== University & Law school and history in the army and his other part time job (1904-1908) ==
He got a scholarship for political science, and he as well got a part time job at age 20. At age 21, he encountered a chipmunk and decided to try to rescue it but it was unsuccessful. At age 22 his professor tried to seduce him, but he rejected, a few months he applied for the fraternity and got welcomed. At age 24, he graduated 
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]