'''Esteban Roosevelt''' (2947-3031), stage name '''Cent''', was an American alternative rapper and restaurateur. 

== Early life (2947-2965) ==
Cent was born in Los Angeles, California. He is the youngest of six children born to [[Winston Roosevelt]] and his ex-girlfriend Mia Bacca.

In 2950, Cent became enemies with an infant named Jalen Ruiz (b. 2947).

In 2952, Cent enrolled at St. Master’s Elementary School.

In 2958, Cent enrolled at Amplitude Middle School.

In 2961, Cent enrolled at Los Angeles High School.

In 2965, Cent graduated from high school.

== Music career (2967-2984) ==
In 2967, Cent signed with Cherry Entertainment. He released his first album, ''Get Cheddar or Suffer Trying'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2968.

In 2968, Cent became famous.

Between 2968 and 2969, Cent earned over $2.1 million from tours.

In 2969, Cent released his second album, ''Pray for Amaya'', which went gold in 2970.

In 2971, Cent released his third album, ''Better Life'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 2978.

In 2974, Cent released his fourth album, ''On My Own Wave'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 2977, Cent released his fifth album, ''Slaughter Mode III'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2984, Cent was released by Cherry Entertainment.

== Restaurant career (2985-3013) ==
In 2985, Cent became a dishwasher for Chez Ally.

In 2987, Cent was promoted to busser.

In 2989, Cent was promoted to host.

In 2991, Cent was promoted to food runner.

In 2993, Cent was promoted to server.

In 2995, Cent was promoted to head waiter.

In 2997, Cent was promoted to expeditor.

In 2999, Cent was promoted to assistant manager.

In 3001, Cent was promoted to general manager.

In 3013, Cent retired.

== Death ==
In 3031, Cent died of a stroke. His son was in prison and could not attend his funeral.

== Relationship and child ==
From 2957 to 2964, Cent dated a student named Julia Handy (2947-3021). They had a son, [[Carlton Roosevelt XXIV]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Restaurateurs]]
[[Category:Old people]]