'''Aretha Colombo''' (November 25, 1965 - May 22, 2024) was an American beach volleyball player and businesswoman. After a few somewhat successful years playing volleyball, Colombo made a swift transition from the sports to business industry. 

==Early life==
Aretha was born in Pheonix, Arizona to stay-at-home mother Ella Colombo (1941 - 2016) and jeweler Maurice Colombo (1939 - 2009). She had two sisters, Mercedes (born 1963), a database administrator for United Banking Corporation, and Lily (born 1969), a librarian. She also briefly bonded with the family cat, Finn, as a toddler before he died in 1968 when Aretha was three. Around that same year, Maurice was temporarily arrested for evading the military draft, but the chargers were quickly dropped when it was discovered that his card was "missing." Maurice was subsequently deemed unfit for military service, and thus was able to stay home to raise his family instead of risking the loss of his own life in Vietnam.

==Volleyball career==

==Business ventures==

==Personal life==
Colombo met librarian Jasper Badcock (born 1962) in 1989, shortly after Aretha had founded Aretha's Gifts. They married a year later and had three children together: 
* [[Dwight Colombo|Dwight]] (born 1990) - United States Air Force officer and accountant 
* [[Andrew Colombo|Andrew]] (born 1992) - Reporter for Dominion Broadcasting Service
* [[Ellie Colombo|Ellie]] (born 1994) - Exotic dancer at The Axis Club

==Death==
On May 22, 2024, Colombo suffered a massive heart attack in her home. She was rushed to the hospital, where she was later pronounced dead at the age of 58. She is survived by her husband, three children, two sisters, and granddaughter. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]