''Loosely based on the DC Comics character Lucius Fox''. 

'''Ambrose Russell Cronedog''' (February 21, 1922 - February 25, 2022) was an American forensic scientist from New Jersey. His career with the Trenton Police Department spanned six decades, and he helped to solve many crimes taking place throughout a significant portion of American history. 

==Early life==
Ambrose was born in Trenton, New Jersey to grocer Imani Fuentes (1892 - 1985) and insurance agent Russell Cronedog (1878 - 1963). He had an older half-sister, Kelly Goodhead (née Hollyfield; 1919 - 2005) and a younger half-brother, Hobart Fuentes (1929 - 2013), both of whom were restaurateurs; Kelly worked for Chez 24 Karat, while Hobart worked for Abby's Restaurant. 

An intelligent child, Cronedog was a member of the academic decathlon, yearbook, and book clubs in middle school. He became the president of the decathlon between seventh and eighth grade. In high school, he was briefly a member of the honor society, but he accidently quit and tried to join back, but to no avail. He subsequently joined his high school's science and electronics clubs. A proud member of the "nerds" clique, Cronedog became the science club's president in his junior-to-senior year. He graduated from high school in 1940, with high honors and won a science scholarship. Afterwards, he enrolled in The College of New Jersey on a scholarship tuition, majoring in chemistry. In addition to re-joining the nerds clique, he was a member of the environment, recycling, and astronomy clubs. Cronedog served as the president of the environment club from 1943 until his graduation in 1944.

==Career==
After graduating from TCNJ, Cronedog began looking for work in law enforcement in 1944, rather than join the military and risk losing his life in the war. He tried to apply for a job as a crime scene analyst at the Trenton Police Department, but was initially rejected because he did not own a vehicle, even though he had obtained his driver's license at age 16. Cronedog ended up working numerous gigs to raise money for a car. After weeks of saving up, he bought a car and applied for the job again, this time being accepted as a crime scene technician. Cronedog made quick friends with his first-year co-workers, including Rebecca "Becky" Beaver, Betsy Collins, Buck Blanchard, Daevon Yamamoto-Hill, Fabian Silverstein, Gaylord Hamilton, Holly Morris (who would later become his wife), Irene Poussy, Jude Phan, and Layla Strange. 

... 

Cronedog retired in 2004 after sixty years of service. He was heavily honored during his retirement ceremony, as he had become one of the longest serving forensic scientists in the country.

==Personal life==
During his first year on the job, Cronedog befriended co-worker Holly Morris (1912 - 2017). They began a romantic relationship in 1947, and they married in 1952. They spent their honeymoon at Bali, Indonesia. Their daughter, Abby, was born in 1957. Abby worked as a receptionist. A centenarian like Cronedog, Morris died of a stroke in 2017 at the age of 105. 

Cronedog died on February 25, 2022, four days after his 100th birthday. He is survived by his daughter and grandchildren. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Scientists]]
[[Category:Old people]]