'''William "Willy" James Doom''' (né '''Wilhelm Jakob Monroe'''; 24 March 1899 - 27 April 2023), later known by his regnal name '''Wilhelm I''', was an American-born Hanoverian royal, computer scientist, social media star and mega centenarian who is known for creating and reigning as the first king of Hanover and for founding the largest tech company in the world; Candi.

I apologize for the embellishment. It is for the reader's benefit.  

{{Infobox_character|name=Willy Doom|aliases=Wilhelm Jakob Monroe (1899)

William James Monroe (1899 - 1928)

William James Doom (1928 - 2008)

Wilhelm Jakob Von Meyer (2008)

Wilhelm I, King of Hanover (2009 - 2023)|relatives=Parents:

Christian Monroe (né Karsten Meyer; 1846 - 1921)

Mary Joe Walsh (née Monroe; 1880 - 1954)

Joe Walsh (1889 - 1973)

Sibiling(s):

Hannah Elizabeth Monroe (1916 - 1994)|affiliation=Candi (CEO 1927 - 1987, Board Member 1987 - 2002)

Kingdom of Hanover (King 2009 - 2023)|marital=Jade Doom (m. 1928; died 1941)|birthDate=24 March 1899|birthPlace=Atlantic Ocean (near the Colony of The Bahama Islands)|deathDate=27 April 2023|deathPlace=Meyerstadt, Hanover}}

=== '''Early Life''' ===

==== '''Birth''' ====
He was conceived during a golf game. Doom was born on Friday, March 24 1899 on a ship ferrying his parents to Miami, Florida, United States. He was born to Karsten Monroe and Mary Joe Monroe, who were fifty-three and nineteen respectively. His father named him Wilhelm Jakob Monroe. When the ship arrived, Karsten was forced to anglicize his and his son's name to Christian Monroe and William James Monroe. He was of German descent on his father's side and of Irish descent on his mother's side. 

==== '''Pre-University''' ====
He attended Little Fish Elementary School (1904 - 1909), Washington Middle School (1910 - 1912) and St. Dylan's High School (1913 - 1917). He was a hard worker and a very popular student. During middle school he could often be seen playing board games, particularly chess. He would often dream of one day carrying a phone in his pocket. When he was in high school he joined the Academic Decathlon Team which he would become vice-president of in 1915 and president of in 1916. This team helped him become more confident speaking in front of crowds. In 1915, as a reward for passing his driving test, his parents bought him an "expensive Japanese car" which he secretly sold for $500, (roughly $15,000 in 2023). 

==== '''University and Higher Education''' ====
William wished to study technology in university and was accepted to what would become the University of Miami with a scholarship, and began studying there in 1917. He attempted to join the swim team but was rejected. During this time, he switched from playing games of chess to avidly solving jigsaw puzzles. He joined the Puzzle Club after failing to join the swim team and would become vice-president in 1919 then president in 1920. He also joined the Omega Psi Phi fraternity in 1917. According to him, he decided to join that fraternity specifically because "their symbol was the coolest." He graduated in 1921. Sadly, soon after he graduated his father died in his sleep at the age of seventy-five. After that, he would apply for a scholarship in graduate school which was rejected. Mary Joe agreed to pay his tuition. He studied there between 1921 and 1923. His fixation with puzzles was replaced with an obsession with poetry, even joining the poetry club. He never attained a high position in the club. 

=== '''Career''' ===

==== Candi ====
William was unemployed between 1923 and 1927. In the latter year, he founded the small device manufacturing company, the Candy Group. It was named that because Willy hid jars of candy everywhere. The company was mildly successful and wasn't effected much by the Great Depression. The company gained many contracts with the U.S. government during World War II which boosted its revenue. Doom travelled to Philadelphia to help with the creation of ENIAC, the first programmable computer in 1945. He was fascinated by this technology and created the first corporate computer programing branch in 1947 and changed the company's name to Candy Writer. In 1983, he opened an Internet branch. He was forced to retire in 1987. He left instructions to always open a branch for new technology, such as a consumer electronics branch. Because the company jumped on any new technology, it became one of the largest tech companies in the world. Doom stayed the majority shareholder until 2002 when he sold most of his shares to celebrate the company's seventy-fifth anniversary. One of his last acts as owner was to change the company's name to Candi, (to sound more modern), in 2000.

===== Social Media =====
Once social media was invented, Doom decided to make Youtube videos of him playing games his company had created which somehow became popular.  

==== Hanover ====
Doom stayed retired for six years. In 2008, he decided to purchase the German state of Lower Saxony. He and several others wrote a constitution for, (what became), the new sovereign nation of Hanover. He wrote a constitution for the country which gave it a parliament, making it a tax haven and making the former state capitol the national capitol. The parliament made Doom a noble and he took the noble name Wilhelm Jakob Von Meyer, a combination of his birth name and his father's birth surname. A year later, the parliament rewrote the constitution to make Doom a constitutional monarch. His regnal name was Wilhelm I. Many wanted him to reside in the capitol but he instead built his royal palace in Meyerstadt, the main port of Hanover and the birth place of Doom's father. Over his reign, Doom donated money to create the University of Hanover. He also donated to charity many times, so much so that he only had a net worth of about ten million U.S. dollars by his death.    

=== '''Personal Life''' ===

==== '''Family''' ====
Doom's father was Christian Monroe (né Karsten Meyer; 1846 - 1921) a German politician and steel baron who had a large fortune. In 1896, he moved to Ireland in order to open a branch of his steel company there. He met the Monroe family there and took a liking to their daughter Mary Joe (1880 - 1954). Despite a large age gap, they married in 1897. Inexplicably, Karsten took his wife's last name. In 1899, he and a pregnant Mary Joe moved to the United States to open another branch. On March 24, Mary Joe gave birth to Wilhelm. The names that Karsten gave at the port were Christian and William. In 1916 his parents went on a year-long trip to Mary Joe's Parents' house in Ireland, and left William in the care of his friend Daevon Gasser's family. During the trip, they conceived and gave birth to Hannah Elizabeth Monroe, (1916 - 1994). Both William and Hannah never had children. In 1927, Mary Joe married Joe Walsh (1889 - 1973) and changed her name to Mary Joe Walsh.

==== '''Relationships''' ====
During Doom's last year in Little Fish Elementary School, he tounge-kissed a girl named Autumn Pickles. He didn't enjoy it. During his sophomore year at St. Dylan's High School, he took Kaylee Banner to the school dance, more as a show of popularity than love. During his sophomore year at university, Daevon Gasser, Doom and someone named Valeria Carr had a threesome. During his middle year of graduate school, he started dating Jen Goodhead, a pilot. Karsten had known the Goodhead family. Shortly after Doom founded the Candy Group, Jen died in a plane crash. A few months later he would start dating an older secretary in the Candy Group's employ named Jade Doom. The next year they were married and Doom followed his family's tradition of taking your wife's last name, changing his name to William Doom. In 1929, Doom had the opportunity to sleep with Tucker's girlfriend Gabby, (Tucker being another friend of his), but declined. Jade died in 1941. Doom had several one night stands with Aubrey Kirk, Alexa Groper, Gretchen Bonanno, Dixie Bone, Nevaeh Longfellow and Kylie Borchlet, in 1954, 55, 63, 66, 68 and 72 respectively. In 1977, he had another one night stand with Kylie. In 1982, Kylie tracked Doom down and forced him to take a paternity test for her three year-old son Crispin. The test came back negative but Doom would always think about Crispin in later life. 

=== '''Health & Death''' ===

==== '''Health''' ====
Doom started drinking scotch in 1926, cognac in 52, strawberry daiquiris and barrel-aged negronis in 53, rum, whiskey sours and vodka in 57 and tequila in 58. He became addicted to alcohol in 1953. He attended many AA meetings between 1958 and 1960 which were successful. Doom tried both magic mushrooms and mescaline in 1954, LSD in 1956, and sherm in 1957 but he never became addicted to any drug. In 2001, he relapsed after drinking craft cocktails at a company party. Luckily, he overcame the addiction later that year. Doom was diagnosed with the common cold in 1947, 78 and 2022. The latter diagnosis weakened him which led to his death the next year. He was diagnosed with ulcers in 1958, which subsided in 1959. He was diagnosed with a staph infection in 1967, 99 and 2015. He was diagnosed with ringworm in 1993 and 2016. He was diagnosed with the flu in 1996. He was diagnosed with athlete's foot in 2001. He was diagnosed with bronchitis in 2017. Between 1974 and 1981, he suffered from high blood pressure because those particular years were very bad for his company. In 1984, he was diagnosed with dementia but overcame it with faith. The same thing happened when he was diagnosed with arthritis in 1999. Doom started a Mediterranean diet in 1981. He went to the gym many times every year from 1960 until his death.

==== '''Death & Aftermath''' ====
Doom died peacefully of natural causes on Thursday, April 27, 2023, at the age of one-hundred and twenty-four years, thirty-four days. He had created a will on January 1, 2023, leaving his entire estate to forty-four year-old Crispin Borchlet. Borchlet, Candi's board of directors, chief officers and other high-level executives attended his funeral. In his will, Doom stated that he was to be cremated and that his ashes were to be distributed over five locations: 

# His grave.
# With Crispin.
# The room where he founded the Candy Group.
# Candi's headquarters.
# The Rhine river.

He was cremated a few days after his death. His funeral was held on March 24 2027. He was buried in the Hanoverian Royal Tomb.

=== '''Trivia''' ===
In 1902, Doom's parents bought him a white rabbit named Snowball. Snowball died in 1907.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]