'''Otto Nietzche''' (20 November 1969 - 24 April 2024) was a German politician, museum worker and soldier who served as the director of the Cologne School Board from 1995 to 2003. He is best known for his ambitious but unsuccessful attempts to run for high political offices, such as the governorship of his home state and the Chancellorship of the country. 

==Early life==
Otto was born in Cologne, Germany to jeweler Lara Klum (1935 - 2023) and hairdresser Nicholas "Nick" Nietzche (1934 - 2016). He had two siblings, Friedrich (born 1964), a hairdresser like his father, and Hannah (born 1974), a flight attendant. He also has a stepbrother named Liam from his mother's brief marriage to retired restaurant worker Kilian Becker (1944 - 2018). He had a pet mongrel named Marlon (1965 - 1979).

==Military career==

==Politics==

==Personal life==
Nietzche met his future wife, grocer Pauline Zimmer (born 1969) at age ten. They dated for ten years throughout their school years and got married in 1989 during Otto's third year in the military. They had four children and five grandchildren together: 
* Sofia (born 1989) - Navy sailor 
* Lothar (born 1994) - Receptionist for Swift Counseling 
* Annabell (born 1996) - Firefighter 
* Lara (born 2011)

==Death==
Otto died of a heart attack on 24 April 2024 at the age of 54. He is survived by his wife, four children, five grandchildren and three siblings. His gravestone is marked with his medal of honor. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]