'''Brooklyn Collins''' (also known as '''Brook Howsen'''; born 1960) is a retired veteran of the United States Navy. She is the ex-wife of [[Antonio Howsen]] and the former sister-in-law of football player-turned-military officer and museum curator [[Derek Howsen (V2)|Derek Howsen]]. 

==Early life==
Brook was born to a family of devoted sailors, with both her parents being successful marketers in the aquatic industries. Her father, a veteran of both the Navy and Coast Guard, was a key leader in a fishing company, an athletic sailing team or two, and even several medical organizations in the oceanic division (due in-part to his Coast Guard service), some being non-profit. Her mother, also a skilled boat captain, worked in animal rescue, sailing and rowing lessons for special needs individuals, and even some areas of media and entertainment, whereas she would use her watercraft in participation of film and television productions. Brook spent much of her childhood going on outings with her family, from fishing trips to casual boat rides out at sea. 

As she grew up, Collins often expressed her partial interest in following in her family's footsteps, while also making her own independent decisions and forging her own path. When she was fifteen years old, her parents took her to see ''Jaws'', which she would later state was one of her favorite movies and childhood memories that further solidified her interest in the sea life.

==Navy career==
Collins enlisted in the Navy between 1978 and 1979 upon graduating high school. 

... 

After four-and-a-half decades of service, Collins retired from the Navy in 2022. Since then, she has worked numerous odd jobs as backup sources of income in the event her retirement pension were to fail. Collins has also partaken in activism, particularly that of anti-war, due to being a veteran.

==Personal life==
In the late 1970s, Collins and Howsen met and started dating. They often went out on boats together, eventually getting married by the sea in 1980. They had three children together, Cody (born 1983), Maddie (born 1985), and Sierra (born 1987). After 25 years of marriage, they divorced in 2005. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Gulf War veterans]]
[[Category:Iraq War veterans]]