{{Infobox_character|name=Amaya Thompson|aliases=Asani Jackson|birthDate=March 20th 1950|birthPlace=Los Angeles, California, United States|gender=Female}}

'''Amaya Thompson''' (Also Called: Amaya McNulty Or Asani Jackson) is a Professional Singer born on March 20th 1950. 

== Early Life Of Amaya ==
when she was born, her mother wanted a better life for me and decided to give her off to adoption centers. she was later adopted by a lesbian couple. Addison, who was a student and Ana, who worked as a jeweler. 

Amaya had took guitar lessons at 6, and voice lessons at 8. She would later graduate high school in June 1968.

== Career of Amaya ==

=== Before Her First Album (1968-1969) ===
in 1968, Amaya had released her single "Lala Land". it was a moderate success, only selling 369,274 copies. Later in 1970, it had received an gold certification. In 1969, Amaya Had Released Her Single "Space World". it was a moderate success, only selling 368,498 copies. Later in 1971, it had received an gold certification. 

=== Pink Precipitation (1970-1972) ===
in 1970, Amaya had released her album "Pink Precipitation" it was a success, selling 553,553 copies. (Gold Certified). in 1971, Amaya had released an acoustic version of her first album "Pink Precipitation", It became a Smash hit, selling 22,690,446 Copies. (Diamond Certified)

=== Disco Party (1973-1974) ===
in 1973, Amaya had released her sophomore album "Disco Party" It was an Smash Hit, Selling 12,504,665 copies (Diamond Certified). 

=== Pink Afro (1975-1977) ===
in 1975, Amaya had released her 3rd album "Pink Afro" It was a Smash Hit, Selling 9,957,256 copies (Double Platinum Certified). a year later, "Pink Afro" had managed to receive an diamond certification. Also her song "Spotlight" was getting attraction as well. "Spotlight" had managed to become her first hit on the billboard hot 100, It had managed to get to the top 2 in 1976. 

in 1976, Amaya had released "Spotlight" as a single after she was getting buzz, all over the world and had decided to make a music video. It was a smash hit, selling 6,909,346 copies.
<br />
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Profile]]