'''Perry Cross II''' (3068-3146) was a French Afro-punk singer and lobbyist.

== Early life (3068-3091) ==
Cross was born in Lyon, France. He was the only child born to [[Jermaine Cross II]] and his girlfriend Kundai Takawira. He was named for his 17x great-grandfather.

Cross went to Sciences Po Lyon and graduated in 3091 with a Licence in Political Science.

== Music career (3097-3116) ==
In 3097, Cross signed with Medley Records as a rock singer. He released his debut Afro-punk album, ''Wish You Were There'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3098, Cross released his second album, ''Pitchy Fingers.''

In 3103, Cross released his third album, ''Abodes of the Holy'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3108, Cross released his fourth album, ''Some Guys'', which went gold in 3109.

In 3112, Cross released his fifth album, ''From Nowhere'', which went gold in 3113.

In 3116, Cross was released by Medley.

== Lobbying career (3117-3130) ==
In 3117, Cross became a junior lobbyist for Triumph Holdings.

In 3120, Cross was promoted to lobbyist.

In 3123, Cross was promoted to senior lobbyist.

In 3130, Cross retired.

== Death ==
In 3146, Cross died of old age. He was cremated and his ashes were scattered in a desert.

== Relationship and child ==
In 3089, Cross started dating his New Zealander-born classmate Aroha Martin (3068-3131), who became a music composer in 3091. They had a son:

# [[Darius Cross VIII]]  

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Lobbyists]]
[[Category:Old people]]