{{DISPLAYTITLE:Clint Jenkins-Dalton}}
{{Infobox character
 | name         = Clint Jenkins-Dalton
 | image        = ClintDalton.jpg
 | imagecaption = Him at 28 years old (2008)
 | relatives    = '''Parents:'''<br>
Jennifer Dalton (aka Jennifer Marconi) <small>(mother)</small> (1953-)<br>
Aiesha Holyfield <small>(other mother)</small> (1951-)<br>
Huge Booty <small>(stepmother)</small> (1954-)<br>
'''Siblings''':<br>
Kaelynn Weed <small>(ex-stepsister)</small> (1975-)<br>
Ginger Booty <small>(stepsister)</small> (1976-)<br>
Pierre Marconi <small>(ex-stepbrother)</small> (1976-)<br>
Hillary Booty <small>(adopted sister)</small> (1983-)<br>
Tasty Booty <small>(adopted sister)</small> (1988-)<br>
'''Nieces & Nephews''':<br>
Olivia Weed <small>(niece)</small> (2004-)<br>
 | affiliation  = Arizona Deserts (2002 - ????)<br>
 | marital      = Emma Jenkins (1980 - present) (Married)
 | birthDate    = July 23, 1980
 | birthPlace   = Baltimore, Ohio, [[United States]]
 | species      = Human
 | gender       = Male
 | height       = Average
 | weight       = Average
 | eyes         = Blue
 | education    = St. Layla's Elementary School<br>Jimenez Middle School<br>Independent Preparatory School<br>University <small>(Biology)</small>
 | sexuality     = Straight
}}'''''WIP'''''

'''Clint Dalton''' (b. July 23, 1980 — d. ???), now known as '''Clint Jenkins-Dalton''', was a professional athlete, adopted by Jennifer Dalton, an unemployed person.

==Early life==
Clint was born in Baltimore, Ohio, [[United States]], on July 23, 1980. His biological mother determined that adoption was her best option after conceiving him under less than desirable circumstances. He had a family Australian shepherd named Boo, who passed away in 2014 because he sadly died peacefully in the night. In 1982, his parents have divorced. And 1 year later, his mother Jennifer, married Kaelynn Marconi, a 35-year-old writer with two children. And his other mother Aiesha, married Huge Booty, a 27-year-old grocer with a child. She and his stepmother adopted a baby girl named Hillary Booty, his new adopted sister. 2 years later, Clint was enrolled in St. Layla's Elementary School. 6 years later, he was enrolled to Jimenez Middle School. 1 year later, he started dating Emma Jenkins. 2 years later, he was enrolled to Independent Preparatory School. And after that, he became a burglar for 2 years. He also robbed a bank "Baltimore Credit Union" with a toy gun, while disguised as a politician. He got away in a taxi with $35,640. 1 year later, he graduated from high school.

==Adulthood==
At age 18, he began studying biology at university. Clint studied very well and worked hard, and he also joined the university ice hockey team. 1 year later, his stepsister Ginger officially joined the Air Force as an officer. 1 year later, he had sore eyes after studying his university work for 7 hours. 1 year later, his ex-stepsister Kaelynn married Beavis Weed, a 19-year-old real estate agent.

===Arizona Deserts===
1 year later, upon graduation from university, Clint was eligible for the hockey draft, and was drafted in the second round of the pro hockey draft by the Arizona Deserts. Emma proposed to him on a lakeside hike, and worked with a coach to improve his pivot. 1 year later, he was offered $410,000 by a shady executive from Buffalo to ensure that his team loses a game against the Chicago Redhawks. 1 year later, his ex-stepsister, Kaelynn, and her husband Beavis, had a baby girl named Olivia Weed. After that, Clint tried to remind an opponent on the Carolina Vortices that fighting is a penalty, but he beat him up anyway. Amid speculation that the owner wanted to change Clint's team's colors to appear more fierce, he said killer wasp black and yellow stripes was the obvious choice. 1 year later, Emma and Clint went to Seville, Spain for the wedding, and Clint decided to hyphenate her last name. 1 year later, Clint and his teammates learn his coach is a living, breathing 50-year-old virgin, and his teammate appoints Clint to be the MVP of Love, responsible for getting his coach laid. 1 year later, Clint has been experiencing a significant performance slump for the past 4 games and beginning to think that a major life change will get Clint back on the game. He sought out forms of spiritual awareness in hopes of breaking a significant performance slump. He was also feeling lonely on the road, and Clint downloaded a new app 'Fanbango' which sports stars use to hook up with adoring fans on the road. He arranged to meet a potential hookup while he was in town, but when he got to the restaurant and come face-to-face with the person, he realized that he has been catfished. Even though his date wasn't the person in her profile picture, he brought her back to his hotel room because he felt lonely and needed some intimacy. 1 year later, he thanked a fan who paid for his meal at a five-star French restaurant. He also nailed a backhand shot in the third period to tie up a critical game against the New York Archipelagos.

==Extras==
===Career in PH===
====Season to Season====
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Season (Year of Career)
!Team
!Record
!League Finish
!Assists
!Blocked Shots
!Goals
|-
|2003 (Rookie Season)
|Arizona Deserts
|18-64
|31st out of 31
|25
|95
|28
|-
|2004 (Season 2)
|Arizona Deserts
|18-64
|30th out of 31
|24
|83
|25
|-
|2005 (Season 3)
|Arizona Deserts
|24-58
|27th out of 31
|25
|82
|28
|-
|2006 (Season 4)
|Arizona Deserts
|33-49
|22nd out of 31
|24
|89
|28
|-
|2007 (Season 5)
|Arizona Deserts
|46-36
|16th out of 31
|26
|91
|26
|-
|2008 (Season 6)
|Arizona Deserts
|41-41
|18th out of 31
|28
|93
|28
|-
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|}

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]