He, was born in Delhi, India on December 23rd, 1910. He was an accidently pregnancy, his parents say he was their Christmas present. His, mother name is Pari Chawla, A hairdresser. His fathers name is Chettur Chopra wedding planner. He was known as an "unhealthy baby"

== Childhood ==
During his life, we practiced standing up in his crib, at age 1. He tried staying calm during his vaccine. He suffered with the flu, since he was an unhealthy kid. He was encouraged to play outside, so he kicked a ball around. His father wanted to take him for a swim, so he did. His fathered died after being eaten, he went to the funeral. He was suffering from depression. He, started having a seizure, so him and his parents went to the doctor and he got diagnosed with Epilepsy. He tried going to the doctors as much as possible.

== Death ==
at age 12, he started having a massive seizure. At the point when he went to the emergency room, it got bad. The next morning, it started getting worse, he couldn't stop shaking. The next few weeks were bad for him as he fell into a coma and starting having multi organ failure. A few weeks later, he was not looking so good, and the next morning after that he passed away, At age 12. The funeral was the next week and was attended, by his mother, and his little brother Rajesh. His last words were "Help, I cant breathe." Friends say the lost of his father, greatly impacted him. 
{{Infobox_character|name=Megaduta Chopra|aliases=Mega|relatives=Parents:
Pari Chawla [1886-]

Chettur Chopra [1884-1919]


Sibiling(s):

Rajesh [1919-]|affiliation=Primary Student at, St. Sanjays Elementry school|marital=N/A|birthDate=December 23rd, 1910|birthPlace=Delhi, India|deathDate=February 3rd, 1922|deathPlace=St. Acharya Hospital, India|species=Human|gender=Male|height=5'5|weight=90 pounds|eyes=brown}}