'''William Geller''' (February 21, 1981 - February 21, 2021) was an American basketball player and serial killer. He is infamous for his three murders, one being his former lover. 

==Early life==
Bill was born in Buffalo to restaurant worker Sophie Geller and mail carrier Keenan Geller. He had an older brother, Kevin (born May 23, 1976). Bill got along very well with family and friends. 

Geller played basketball in high school and university. He managed to obtain the position of captain in both occurrences. He was seen as a very influential leader. 

==Career==
In 2003, Geller was offered a nearly $2M contract to play for the San Antonio Dunkings. He played for the Dunkings for seven years until starting to play for the Phoenix Supergiants in 2010. He played with the Supergiants until 2012 upon his conviction of supplying alcohol to minors. 

Geller played with the Oklahoma City Blusters in 2014. He was released from the team the same year following his conviction for his third murder. 

==Personal life==
Geller met Charlotte Blart when they were both eleven years old. They dated until Geller's sophomore year in high school. Geller stalked her throughout the years. Blart became Geller's second victim in 2011. 

==Murders==
Geller and his friend Kevin Dangle became enemies in 2008. Geller felt a sense of betrayal. In 2010, after joining the Phoenix Supergiants, he killed Dangle in a drive-by shooting. 

He was also enemies with Charlotte's husband, Odell. He believed that Odell had only married her to make his life miserable. Supposedly to make Odell suffer, Geller performed another drive-by shooting in 2011 on Charlotte, killing her. 

In 2014, Geller performed yet another drive-by shooting on a vagabond. This time, he was caught. 

Geller hired Wigglesworth & Hathaway to represent him in court. He pled not guilty. He was found guilty and condemned to die on February 21, 2021, his 40th birthday. Geller was shamefully released from the Oklahoma City Blusters. 

==Prison life and execution==
All of Geller's attempts to escape had failed. He had also failed to appeal his sentence and bribe the guards, despite his wealth. He gained further notoriety for inciting several riots in jail, which sometimes resulted in the death of at least one person, either an inmate or a guard. 

Geller was executed on February 21, 2021, via electric chair. No one, not even his parents or brother Keven, attended his funeral. Many memorials for his victims had been held in the years following their demises. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Wasteful]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Serial killers]]