Sir '''Hugo Chaplin''' OBE (14 June 1975 - 15 May 2021) was a British Royal Air Force chief and philosopher. He served the Air Force for 24 years. Chaplin also shared an interest in poetry and writing.

==Early life==
Hugo was born on June 14, 1975 in Swansea to Emily Partner, a makeup artist, and Simon Chaplin, an archeologist. He shared a mostly positive and loving relationship with his friends and family; he and his half siblings didn't always get along. Although his family surname is not related by blood to the family of actor Charlie Chaplin, some say that they are still related by marriages of Charlie's descendants and Hugo's extended family relatives. 

==RAF career==
In 1997, at age 22, Chaplin enlisted in the Air Force, beginning his career as an Airman Basic. Throughout his career, he recieved eight promotions: 

- Airman (2002)

- Airman First Class (2003)

- Senior Airman (2004)

- Staff Sergeant (2005)

- Technical Sergeant (2006)

- Master Sergeant (2008)

- Senior Master Sergeant (2010)

- Cheif Master Sergeant (2014)

==Personal life and death==
Chaplin and his wife [[Leilah Abdel]], a police chief, had been friends since they were both five years old. They began dating in high school. They married in 2001, although their first of six children, [[Percy Chaplin]], was born a year prior. They remained married until Hugo's death. 

On May 15, 2021, after celebrating his twentieth anniversary with his wife, Chaplin was deployed to a militant in Slovakia. He accidentally stepped on a land mine on the field, causing a fried eyelid, a seared nipple, an incinerated cheek, and he even lost an arm. He eventually succumbed to his injuries and died at the age of 45. His net worth was £169,649 ($189,523.21). Chaplin was posthumously awarded with a medal of honor for his sacrifice. For his unique philosophical views, comments, and advice to his friends and family, he was also posthumously awarded with a philosophy award. 

[[Category:Fan Characters|Chaplin, Hugo]]
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Hugo Chaplin}}
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Pilots]]
[[Category:Characters]]