'''Adam Price''' is a young boy born in Gold Coast, Australia. His birth was around Christmas at 2020 December 27th making him a Capricorn. He lived December 27th 2020 to October 3rd 2045. He had a decent Rugby legacy winning 2 most improved players and leaving fans wondering if he could've become the goat...  

== Early Life ==
Adam would quickly learn how to obtain friends and become friends with a man named Finn Hemsworth he would soon get a little sister called Olivia Price. As soon as he started primary school he became friends with Angus Lewisham who would become a bit of a joke to him behind Angus's back of course. He would soon get another little brother called Ryan Price interesting how his parents just seemed to be on a spree. He would soon get his first kiss with a girl called Eva Macqurie so of course he accepts..... even with tongue. He would soon fall in love with the game of Rugby joining the team as soon as he joined Secondary School. He would instantly spend his high school years working hard on his rugby skills to try get into Rugby League. At 16 he was already the captain at his schools Rugby team. As he turned 18 he got a little sister but more importantly he got into the NRL where his career really starts.
== Career ==
Adam would start his career at the Brisbane Ponies quite a strong team they offered him a 2 year contract for $80k at his main position, Fly-Half. He would quickly start working his skills up to try show that he could be worth something in this league. He would start his career pretty strong working on every aspect of his game and with that he was rewarded with some pretty good stats especially coming from a rookie player. 24 points 2032 Run Meters 530 Tackles 4 Tries and 7 Try Assists wasn't bad for a rookie. However he would have to improve his game before he coups start getting some real respect. He would end his second season improving on his rookie season with a decent improvement. Putting up 29 points 1960 run Meters 520 Tackles 5 tries and 7 try assists. Overall a great 2nd season however he was looking to improve. Despite the Brisbane Ponies failure he gives them another chance signing a 5 year 250,000 dollar contract. Now starting his 3rd season he put up great numbers highly improved numbers evident by hia most improved award that he won. Putting up 27 points 2170 run Meters 509 Tackles 6 tries and 8 try assists. While once again he put up great stats he pushed himself to be better. The next season he puts up 49 points 2112 run Meters 596 Tackles 7 tries 10 try assists. He would win a second most improved player trophy proving he was the most dedicated player in the league. Ending his 5th season with 57 points 2412 run Meters 589 Tackles 7 tries and 26 try  assists. Sadly winning no rewards despite the fantastic season. During his 6th season he would gain 69 points 2310 run Meters 562 Tackles 7 tries 28 assists. Once again gaining no rewards and one of his sisters early passing Adam decides maybe its time to end himself...

== Death ==
On October 3rd Adam would take his life leaving Rugby fans to only imagine how good he could've been. RIP

__FORCETOC__

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Australians]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Young people]]