{{Infobox_character|name=His Eminence<br>Dieter Steiner|marital=Single|birthDate=December 23, 1906|birthPlace=Salzburg, Austria-Hungary|deathDate=July 3, 2025|deathPlace=Salzburg, Austria|species=Human|gender=Male|height=5'6|weight=137 lbs|eyes=blue|affiliation=University of Salzburg (1924-1928)<br>Catholic Church (1928-2025)|education=University|relatives=Adrian Steiner (father)<br>Sarah Moser (mother)<br>Laura Steiner (sister)<br>Raphael Steiner (brother) <br>Chiara Steiner (sister)|aliases=|imagecaption=}}
 
'''Dieter Steiner''' (December 23, 1906 - July 3, 2025) was an Austrian priest that was Archbishop of Salzburg and later Cardinal of the Catholic Church.
 
== Early life and education ==
Steiner was born in the city of Salzburg, the youngest of the 4 children of chef Adrian Steiner and teacher Sarah Moser. In 1912, he attended Apollo Primary School, a private institution, and in 1916 he was enrolled in St. Stefan's Secondary School. At the age of 18, his deep sense of religious vocation led him to enter the University of Salzburg and start a degree in Religious Studies. 
 
== Priestly vocation and early Church career ==
In 1928, he graduated from university and earned a doctorate in Theology. That same year, he was ordained a deacon and began serving in Salzburg Community Church. During those years, he was known for his hard work (often doing extra time) and dedication to his job. It wouldn't be until 1943 that he was ordained a priest by Cardinal Theodor Innitzer. His priesthood began in a very difficult time, in the middle of World War II, when Austria was occupied by the Nazis and the new government was committing atrocities. However, Steiner refused to bow to the pressures of the dictatorship and risked his life to shelter Jewish families and dissidents.
 
== Bishop of Salzburg ==
In 1961, at the age of 55, he was appointed Bishop of Salzburg by Pope John XXIII. During that time, he attended the Second Vatican Council and supported all its reforms. He dedicated his years as Bishop to helping modernize the Church and aiding the poor and disadvantaged in Salzburg. In 1966, his mother passed away and each of his siblings inherited over $1 million Austrian schillings. However, Steiner believed that money could be put to better purposes so he donated half of it to charity. After almost two decades of distinguished service, he was elevated to Archbishop of Salzburg in 1978 by Pope John Paul I.

== Cardinal ==
Dieter Steiner was created Cardinal-Priest of Santa Maria Nova by Pope John Paul II in the consistory of 5 May 1997. During his years as cardinal, he promoted interreligious dialogue and reform within the Church, in a changing world after the fall of the Soviet Union. He was later elevated to Cardinal-Bishop of Sabina e Poggio Mirteto. During his time as cardinal, Steiner attended 3 conclaves: 2005, 2013 and 2025, seeing the recent election of Pope Leo XIV shortly before his passing. 

== Death ==
In July 2025, at the age of 119, Cardinal Steiner was withdrawing money at the bank when suddenly a robbery occurred. Seeing that a robber was going to execute one of the hostages, he tried to save him, interposing himself between the two, but was shot in the skull, resulting in his immediate death. His funeral was attended by his best friend, Matthias Gruber, his nephews and hundreds of faithul Austrians. Friends and family described his insatiable generosity.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Austrians]]
[[Category:Priests]]
[[Category:Old people]]