Rory Longstaff (3023-after 3088) was a British Royal Air Force officer, astronaut, and technology support specialist.

== Early life (3023-3045) ==
Longstaff was born in Cardiff, Wales. His parents were [[Agathe Perez]] and her boyfriend Mason Longstaff.

In 3041, Longstaff enrolled at Cardiff University. He graduated in 3045 with a BA in Communication.

== Military career (3045-3050) ==
In 3045, Longstaff joined the RAF as a lieutenant. He reached the rank of captain before being honorably discharged in 3050.

== Astronautic career (3050-3069) ==
In 3050, Longstaff enrolled at the National Space Academy in Leicester, England.

In 3052, Longstaff graduated from the National Space Academy and joined the UK Space Agency as a cadet. He participated in his first spacewalk on board the Taurus IV, to repair the Catherine VIII.

In 3056, Longstaff was promoted to captain.

In 3058, Longstaff was promoted to major.

In 3062, Longstaff went on his first lunar mission on the Diana VII, with the destination near Copernicus Crater. He became famous as a result of the mission.

In 3063, Longstaff was promoted to general.

In 3069, Longstaff resigned from the UKSA.

== IT career (3070-3088) ==
In 3070, Longstaff became Jr. IT Support for AAA Mills.

In 3073, Longstaff was promoted to IT Support.

In 3076, Longstaff was promoted to Sr. IT Support.

Longstaff was alive in 3088, but his death date is unknown.

== Relationship and child ==
From 3049 to 3051, Longstaff dated an Air Force enlistee named Ella Batty-Murphy (3020-after 3088). They had a daughter, [[Annabelle Longstaff]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]