'''Celestina Bakke''' (2279-2374) was a French-American painter and politician.

== Early life (2279-2297) ==
Bakke was born in Lyon, France. She was the youngest of three children born to [[Odd Bakke II]] and the only one born to his third girlfriend, Eva Vega.

In 2285, Bakke enrolled at Brun Primary School.

In 2290, Bakke enrolled at St. Adele’s Middle School.

In 2294, Bakke enrolled at Fournier Secondary School.

In 2297, Bakke graduated from secondary school.

== Art career (2297-2304) ==
In 2297, Bakke became a painter for Joly Media. She argued with her father. She bought a turtle named Francois (2294-2318).

In 2299, Bakke ran for election to the Lyon Municipal Council, but lost to Horia Matei.

In 2304, Bakke resigned.

== Political career (2304-2314) ==
In 2304, Bakke ran for election to the Lyon Municipal Council and beat Antoine Gautier. 

In 2309, Bakke ran for reelection and beat Claude Dupont. She mourned her brother. 

In 2314, Bakke left office. She emigrated to Nashville, Tennessee. 

== Death ==
In 2374, Bakke died of a stroke.

== Marriages, relationships, and children ==
From 2289 to 2314, Bakke dated a Bolivian-French student named Aldrin Condori, Sr. (2279-2359), who became a technical support specialist in 2302. They had two children:

# Livia Condori (2296-2379), insurance agent
# Aldrin Condori, Jr. (2297-2376), US Coast Guard officer
From 2314 to 2343, Bakke dated a Zimbabwean-American policeman named Dzinashe Chiwara, Sr. (2288-2368). They had three children:

# Avril Ortega (née Chiwara, 2315-2400), marine biologist
# Charlotte Chiwara-Blanchard (née Chiwara, 2317-2404), marine biologist
# Dzinashe Chiwara, Jr. (2319-2401), marine biologist
From 2343 to 2356, Bakke was married to a school psychologist named Luke Chippendale (2284-2361). She had an ex-stepson from Chippendale’s first marriage to a woman named Szanto Aliz:

# Miguel Chippendale (2327-2419), mailman
In 2356, Bakke married a real estate agent named Wyatt Cooper (2330-2427). She had three stepsons from Cooper’s first marriage to a woman named Keisha Montana:

# Devin Cooper (2354-2425), writer
# Ace Cooper (2355-2360)
# [[Billy Cooper]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Painters]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Old people]]