{{Counterpart|Houses in DogLife and CatLife|Assets. https://bitlife-life-simulator.fandom.com/wiki/Assets}}

Houses in BitLife is a type of spawn that your player can live in. You can either start living in a house when you're just a kitten or puppy, or you can live somewhere else and try to find an owner to adopt you. Houses are usually supported with around two cars depending on how rich your owner is. If you live in a house, you can live longer (usually more than 20 yrs) as normally in real life it's safe to live in a house. 

=== How To Get In A House ===
When you create your life, you can either pick four options to live in: household, street, shelter or pet store. If you have selected the three other options, you'll have to work to find a human to look after you. In order for someone to adopt you in a non-household habitat, you'll have to impress someone. You can either do these to get adopted.

* Perform tricks regularly 
* Play in the habitat 

When a human encounters your act, you should be nice to them by giving them puppy eyes or being playful. There is approximately a 50% they will adopt you. If not, you'll have to try next year. If you bark at them, they'll most certainly leave you alone and they might adopt another animal or insult you. A human encounter chance is around 45 - 65%. 

=== Features ===
Housing is normal in BitLife. The owner's house can be anywhere from a small mobile van to a castle. The owner will always have two cars no matter how rich they are. Some of the owners will have family like a son, daughter, wife, husband or even parents. They all play an important role in your 'Love' role but not your 'Respect' percentage. The owner cannot change houses unless they have moved somewhere. Commonly, owners will adopt various types of pets in their house. This will be in the 'Other Residents' tab. 

If your owner has a baby aged '''less than two''', you have an option to '''eat the baby''' but you can be sent to the shelter if ever found out. If not, the relationship bar will go to 0%. 

If you bark at your owner or eat another pet, they will send you to the shelter - just like getting arrested in BitLife. 

Owners can leave houses (move out) after high school/university graduation.