'''Paul Blanc''' (November 20 1976-March 14 2026, age 49) was a bartender, bill collector, exorcist, roadkill remover and an infamous transmale French Serial Killer wanted for 24 confirmed murders and 5 claimed murders.

== Childhood: ==
In November 20 1976, Paul (then known as Julia was born to, Yasmine Muller (born August 18 1934-May 9 1992) and Timeo Lambert (December 26 1930-June 14 2012) in Paris France, His birth name was Julia Lambert. She had one older brother, Leonie (April 11 1971-May 17 2073), growing up, Paul (we will just use that name) was never interested in normal childhood, his paternal uncle, Martin (July 30 1932 to December 5 2000) who was a hunter was her best friend, Paul had a disturbing obsession with Martin’s guns. In July 4 1983 when Paul was 6 she tagged along with Martin for his hunting trip and that was made Paul start his criminal life, as a child, Paul was no-good, she constantly attacked his brother and often was rowdy and misbehaved, she grew up in a relatively rich family despite being born during the 70s France oil crash.

<big>Early petty crimes</big>

Paul’s first crime happened in February 6 1985  where he somehow pickpocketed 27 year old Firearm Activist Jean De Luc. In June 7 1987 he beat up his bully, Charlotte to death, he was never charged as it was seen as self-defense but this was the adrenaline for him murders, throughout ages 8-14 he committed multiple petty crimes and burglaries to the point  where Paul became obsessed, in December of 1990 he stole an old fiat 500 from 1973  and that was his main use of transportation for the murders.

The murders

He spent 25 years in prison but escaped continuously. His victims (first to latest) all of the ones that don’t have the word “unconfirmed” means it was featured in the note he put on his last victim. 

Chloe Roux (May 20 1977 to February 27 1991) his fellow classmate who bullied Paul

Her own mother! (August 18 1934-November 28 1991), apparently she kicked Paul out after he escaped and Paul was sent to prison and he escaped again and killed her. He was later arrested. Although she did survive she fell into a coma and died a year later 

He was in prison From November 28 1991 to March 3 1996)

Her stepsister, Iris, (unknown to March 4 1996) and her stepmother (who Timeo wanted anonymous) (May 29 1922 to April 12 1996) Timeo married an old woman and she had a child named Iris, both her new stepmom and stepsister despises Paul. Paul was furious and killed Iris. he was arrested but escaped just 2 days later, he poisoned his stepmom, he was again arrested but escaped on June 12 1996.

Sommelier Alain Cour (December 8 1950 to August 10 1996), around 6 am he was during his daily morning jog when Paul pulled up and shot Alain.

Lucille Doron (unconfirmed) (January 2 1983 to October 8 1996), Lucille and his father were homeless peasants, they were migrating to a random place when Paul shot them both, Lucille’s father, Jaron Macques Doron (May 27 1947-February 29 2024) survived but Lucille tragically died, Jaron said what the suspect looked like but it led to nowher, in fact Paul was not seen at least as a minor suspect until 2022. 

Mariette Shannon (unconfirmed) (May 10 1975 to January 1 1997) was a senior college student from the UK and a brewmaster, around 2:30 am Mariette’s friend Juliette called the police claiming that during their news year party Mariette was going to the bathroom Juliette heard a scream and found a gunshot in her body, the prime suspect was Paul.

Paul was caught trying to murder his next victim so he was arrested from May 10 1997 to December 30 1998. 

His girlfriend, Luda ((December 27 1976- January 8 1999), during Paul’s period in prison in 1997 and 1998, Luda dumped him, Paul was furious and murdered Luda by poisoning her. 

Harriet Hunes (October 5 1940 to May 17 1999), Harriet was a homeless woman who was shot by Paul. Not much known else is known about this case. 

Kayden Jones (May 7 1980 to October 20 2000) was an innocent college student who LOVED surfing, tragically Paul stabbed him in his bed at around 3:00 AM.

Paul was caught and from May 8 2000 to November 18 2003, 

Tyler Denne (August 7 1972 to November 19 2003) was murdered in downtown, around 3 am Paul managed to sneak into the Eiffel Tower and shoot him from there, he was caught and arrested from November 19 2003 but escaped just hours after her arrest.

In June 27 2007 from a sperm donation Paul (then known as Julia)’s son Raymon was born, because of her crime Raymon was raised by Paul’s brother. 

Dawson Moore (unconfirmed) (January 9 1963 to July 20 2007) was an indigenous tourist who was fatally found shot in his rental car, his wife and 2 sons claim that he was going out to some cafe but never returned. The prime suspect is Paul. but still Paul was arrested for it and from August 3 2007 to September 4 2007 he was in prison before escaping. 

In May 7 2009 Paul attempted to murder an old man but was caught and from May 7 2009 to December 2 2010 he was in prison before escaping.

He attempted to rob a bank in May 9 2011 but was caught and arrested but escaped in June 16 2011.

Roberta Kales (May 9 1985 to July 22 2011)  was a wanted criminal, Paul accidentally murdered her on July 22 2011 but was never charged.

In October 7 2011 he murdered a member of the French mafia, he was never charged.

Mike Lescaut (June 7 1992 to May 14 2012), Mike was a man obsessed with troubadours and medieval literature who was tragically murdered. 

In July 20 2013 to avoid suspicion of the murder of Mike Lescaut he manipulated his friend, professional surgeon Oscar to give him gender reassignment surgery and Paul went from Julia as a she to Jordan as a male. 

Brigitte Mour (May 8 1969 to June 20 2014) a toy maker was shot by Paul. Not much is known about this murder other than it was mentioned in the note.

Romeo Dacio (September 29 1994 to December 22 2014) who was obsessed with cocaine was stabbed by Paul. 

Kaitlyn Jules (unconfirmed) (April 5 1982 to July 20 2015) was a tourist scammer, her body was found in a trash can on July 20 2015, the prime suspect is Paul.

Mario Katchvi (October 2 2000 to June 7 2016) was a wannabe criminal and Paul snuck into his dad’s house and shot him to death. 

Diana Williams (unconfirmed) (January 20 1997 to October 6 2016) was making a cocktail, fellow waiter Jane heard her screams and found her dead body, Paul is the prime suspect.

In December 2016 Paul drank so much Rum he became addicted. 

Silvia Paronne (March 11 1995 to September 6 2018) was a teacher and while Silvia getting ready for her job  Paul snuck in and poisoned his iced tea. Killing her.

In June 8 2019 Maria Womes (November 2 1978 to June 8 2019) a local gym teacher was shot by Paul as Maria was looking at a beautiful sunset.

On October 8 2019 horse whisperer Max Jadore was shot by Paul. Paul was thankfully caught and from October 10 2019 to September 1 2022 he was arrested. 

In September 10 2022 he travelled to Russia and shot Maskar Kadosky (October 10 2010 to September 10 2022) a hacker, Paul was caught and arrested from  September 10 2022 but managed to escape just 5 days later and flee back to France. On April 11 2023 he shot pickpocketed Ilyssa Monquette (June 8 2012 to April 11 2023) he was caught and arrested from April 11 2023 to January 27 2024, 

Raymond Stock (October 27 2002 to February 14 2025) (a certainly ironic time to be murdered) was a  DJ, Paul crept up to him around 12:00 AM and stabbed him until he died.

In January 10 2026 he murderers famous instagram star Saline Mari (December 8 2005 to January 10 2026).

In March 14 2026 he attempted to murder his 30th victim. But the victim noticed him and beat him up to death. His body was found there. 

<big>Personal life And random nonsense</big>

His son Raymon (June 27 2007 to August 14 2106) grew up to be an engineer. His niece Lya (the daughter of Leonie) was born on January 3 2008. In January 2 2026, he married his Filipino wife Edita Cruz (born October 7 2000), Paul Blanc is one of the most infamous and evil French serial killers in history! He had multiple jobs as he basically: killed people, go to prison, escape, get a job, repeat! What’s interesting about him is that unlike other killers who targeted an age group. He didn’t likely to manipulate the police to belive that they were not caused by the same person.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:LGBT Characters]]
[[Category:Serial killers]]
[[Category:Criminals]]