''Not to be confused with [[Eberhard Werner]] or his other namesakes.''

'''Eberhard Werner II''' (4480-January 4, 4582) was a German-Romanian clown and convicted murderer.

== Early life (4480-4498) ==
Werner was born in Stuttgart, Germany. He was the youngest of four children born to [[Greta Werner]] and her boyfriend Fiete Martin.

In 4486, Werner enrolled at Hartmann Primary School.

In 4490, Werner enrolled at Johanna Voigt Middle School. He called his friend at the time, Sofia Frank (4480-after 4495), “foolhardy”. 

In 4495, Werner enrolled at Werner Secondary School. 

== Career (4498-4518) ==
In 4498, Werner became a clown for Circus Spectrum. He pranked his best friend, Henry Simon (4480-4556) every year from 4498 to 4547.

In 4518, Werner retired.

== Prison sentence (4580-4582) ==
In 4580, Werner ran for Chancellor of Germany as a member of ARMINIUS - Association of the German People. Although he spent most of his €2 million inheritance on his bid, he was not considered by the Federal Diet. He spent another €300 on blackjack, leaving him with exactly €100. He emigrated to Transylvania, Romania. He successfully murdered a biker by impaling him. He then attempted to murder a creeper in the same way, but was caught in the act. He was convicted of attempted murder and sentenced to life in prison. He served his sentence at Fuku Supermax.

On January 4, 4582, Werner died of a stroke in prison.

== Relationship and children ==
From 4490 to 4998, Werner dated a student named Helma Friedrich (4480-4565). They had two children, Jasmin III (4497-4508) and [[Eberhard Werner III]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Romanians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]