'''Charlie Statham''' (né Tomlinson, 5157-5250) was a British wedding planner, politician, and convicted murderer.

== Early life (5157-5175) ==
Statham was born Charlie Tomlinson in Blackpool, England. In 5162, he was adopted by [[Kate Statham, Jr.]]

== Wedding planning career (5175-5192) ==
In 5175, Statham graduated from secondary school. He became a junior wedding planner for Mr. Doozy.

In 5178, Statham was promoted to wedding planner. 

In 5181, Statham was promoted to senior wedding planner.

== Political career (5192-5212) ==
In 5192, Statham resigned to run for election to the Lancashire County Council. He beat Ed Crumpet-Morgan and was inaugurated. 

In 5197, Statham ran for reelection and beat Edward Sheringham. 

In 5202, Statham ran for a third term and beat Zayn Hall. 

In 5207, Statham ran for a fourth term and beat Sophie Harris. 

In 5212, Statham did not run for a fifth term. 

== Prison sentence (5212-5246) ==
In 5212, Statham attempted to murder his wife with a set of plastic vampire teeth. When police arrived, he tried to bribe the arresting officer. He plead not guilty, but was convicted and sentenced to 39 years in prison. He appealed his sentence to the Court of Appeal, Criminal Division, but lost. He served his sentence at Blackpool Max Security Prison.

In 5246, Statham was released on licence.

== Marriage and child ==
In 5182, Statham married a mailwoman named Felicity Darling (5152-5229). They had a daughter, [[Jane Statham]].
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Wedding planners]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]