Esteban Marie (2844-after 2900) was a French-British rugby player and marriage counselor

== Early life (2844-2866) ==
Marie was born in Lyon, France. His parents were [[Lana Masson]] and her ex-boyfriend Clement Marie. He has an older brother named Noah, who was a dancer.

In 2862, Marie enrolled at Les Chartreux. He was on the rugby team. He graduated in 2866 with a Licentiate in Psychology.

== Sports career (2866-2881) ==
In 2866, Marie emigrated to Liverpool, England and joined the Warrington Devil Dogs as a winger.

After Marie’s rookie season, the Devil Dogs finished in sixth place in the BitLife Super League and he was given a new contract.

After Marie’s second season, the Devil Dogs finished ninth.

After Marie’s third season, the Devil Dogs finished fifth.

After Marie’s fourth season, the Devil Dogs finished fourth and he won the Most Improved Player Award.

After Marie’s fifth season, the Devil Dogs finished as league champions.

After Marie’s sixth season, the Devil Dogs finished as champions and he won Most Improved Player for the second time.

After Marie’s seventh season, the Devil Dogs finished third and he won Most Improved Player for the third time.

After Marie’s eighth season, the Devil Dogs finished fourth. He was released by the Devil Dogs and joined the Leeds Beetles.

During Marie’s ninth season, he missed 13 games after having surgery for a dislocated clavicle. However, the Beetles finished as runners up.

After Marie’s 10th season, the Beetles finished as runners up.

After Marie’s 11th season, the Beetles finished third.

After Marie’s 12th season, the Beetles finished as champions.

After Marie’s 13th season, the Beetles finished as champions and he won the Man of Steel Award.

After Marie’s 14th season, the Beetles finished as champions and he won Man of Steel for the second time.

After Marie’s 15th season, the Beetles finished as champions and he won Man of Steel for the third time. He retired.

== Marriage counseling career (2882-2900) ==
In 2882, Marie became a marriage counselor at Back Door Health Services.

Marie was alive in 1900, but his death date is unknown.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2862 to 2863, Marie dated a student named Anna Bardot (2844-after 2900), who later became a database administrator. They had a son, [[Luka Marie]].

In 2878, Marie had a daughter, Chelsea (living 1900), from a one night stand with a trucker named Phoebe Hadley (2855-after 2881).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:British People]]