'''Lucas van Bremen (May 14, 2004 - August 24, 2025) was a Dutch''' singer, member of the band «Hallucinated Lizards» 

{{Infobox_character|name=Lucas van Breemen|marital=Engaged to Tygo Citroen|education=Secondary School|sexuality=Gay|birthDate=May 14th, 2004|birthPlace=Amsterdam, The Netherlands|deathDate=August 24th, 2025 (aged 21)|deathPlace=Amsterdam, The Netherlands|species=Human|gender=Male|height=High (1,88 m)|weight=80 kg|eyes=Blue|image=1756057425877.jpg}}

== Early Life ==
Lucas was born on May 14, 2004 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. His mother - Sascha Sittart, 44-year-old unemployed woman.  Adam Van Breemen - father, 54-year-old insurance agent. They also had a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Brock. At the age of 4, in 2008, Lucas entered a public school. He made a lot of friends there. Since school years, or rather since 9 (year 2013) Lucas began to study singing. He had a talent for music and he was showing tremendous success. At the age of 12, Lucas realized that he was not at all attracted to female beauty and the opposite sex did not like him at all, so he identified himself as gay. At the age of 13, in 2017, Lucas started studying piano. At the age of 14, Lucas began dating a guy named David RijkaardAfter 2 years, they broke up and Lucas began dating his friend Tygo Citroen, before seducing him and having sex with him.

== Personal Life and Musical Career ==

=== Personal Life ===
Lucas has always been gay and he wasn't attracted to women at all. He tried to have a relationship at school, but all the Handsome guys were straight. However, he found his love, with whom he was for the rest of his life. After gaining fame, Lucas got into two court scandals due to the fact that doctors botched an operation to enlarge his penis. He won both trials and received a total of $3 million. He also got into scandals after being photographed naked for a magazine. in 2025, Tygo proposed to Lucas, they were engaged, but in the same year, Lucas passed away...

=== Musical Career ===
In 2022 Lucas tried to become a solo artist, but the label said that "any child has a better chance of becoming famous". But Lucas joined the band "Hallucinated Lizards" and became a very famous pop singer!
{| class="fandom-table"
!Year
!Song Title
!Success 
!Genre
!Cover Art
|-
|2022
|«You And Me»
|Diamond
| rowspan="3" |Electro
|A faded image of you
|-
|2023
|«I Will Meet You There»
|Gold
|A graveyard with demons
|-
|2024
|«I Won't  Let You Drown»
|Diamond
|You as a baby in a pool
|}

== Death ==
Lucas van Breemen tragically died on August 24, 2025 at the age of 21. He was driving his Nissan GTR and collided with a Mitsubishi Lancer, the singer died instantly without a chance of survival. This caused a great public outcry, because the death of such a famous singer at such a young age is really a tragedy.

== Fun Facts ==
• Lucas had 100% fame

• Its the shortest life I've ever lived in Bitlife

• The first Lucas song had success and went diamond
[[Category:Dead]]
[[Category:Dutch People]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Died too young]]
[[Category:LGBT Characters]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]