'''Erik Vargas''' (June 11, 1942 - June 6, 2021), also known by his nickname '''Rawhide''', was the Skipper of the Bulkley Crime Family and a former royal. Before joining the mob, he was a Count of Carrasco, serving his country in royalty from his birth until his twenty-forth birthday. He was known to only kill "bad" men, whilse sparing the lives of women and children. 

==Early life and reign==
Born into royalty as the second son of Machines Alexia Crespo and Marquess Oliver Vargasn, the older child being Count Adrian, Erik served a dutiful twenty-four years as the second Count. He provided his country with all the help he could give. He also studied political science in college.

==Life in the mob==
In 1966, following some legal troubles, Vargas joined the Bulkley Family. The same year, he was arrested for extortion. He was offered to become an informant in exchange for his freedom. He was unable to find enough evidence against the family and was eventually sentenced to ten years in prison in 1970. A year later, Vargas appealed his sentence. 

Vargas was made a soldier by the family in 1977. He became the family's Skipper (or Godfather) in 2001. 

==Personal life==
Vargas married Leyre Albeniz in 1974. They had three children together. They divorced in 2012. 

==Death==
On June 6, 2021, after honoring the victims of D-Day, Vargas returned home to find a blackberry cobbler sitting on his lithcen counter. He tried to escape but the associate mummified Vargas' body before stuffing it into a sarcophagus filled with flesh-eating scarabs. Vargas died five days short of his 79th birthday. He is survived by his children, grandchildren and niece, Arlet. The motive for his murder is unknown. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]
[[Category:Criminals]]