''Based on the main character from the Everfi module "Banking Basics."'' 

'''Martin Suarez''' (June 15, 2000 - May 11, 2022) was an American financial protege from Cashtown, Pennsylvania. He is known for his contribution to educational programs that teach students on how to manage their finances and how it will help them in their personal lives and professional careers. 

==Early life==
Martin was born in Cashtown, Pennsylvania to Spanish-born parents Jenna (born 1960) and Christopher Suarez (1945 - 2016). His mother is an interior designer and his father was a travel agent. He had an older brother named Casey (born 1998), who is a wedding planner. The family had a cat named Karen (died 2011). After Christopher died when Martin was sixteen, Jenna married US Army soldier Owen Clinton (born 1967; no [official] relation to the Clinton political family), a veteran of the Gulf War and post-9/11 Middle Eastern conflicts. Martin did not get along very well with his stepfather, who refused to spend time with him.

==Education==
Suarez was an exceptional student at Brigitte Wayne High School. He was a member of the honor society, speech & debate club (of which he became vice-president), calligraphy club (of which he became president), yoga club, and "brainy kids" clique. Martin always managed to receive the best grades in his class and was praised by his teachers and classmates. During his junior/senior year, however, his grades seemed to slip, as he was removed from the speech & debate club. The issue was later resolved upon further inspection that his "lower-than-usual" grades at the time were exaggerated. He graduated in 2018 as a valedictorian at the top of his class. 

After graduation, Suarez applied to the University of Pennsylvania. After several days of anticipation, he was accepted. However, despite his proficiency, he was not offered a scholarship, forcing his mother to partially pay for his tuition. Suarez enrolled in UPenn's Class of 2022 and majored in finance. He once again did exceptionally well for all his classes. Martin graduated from UPenn on May 3, 2022, a mere week before his untimely death.

==Personal life and death==
Suarez met the love of his life, Aiesha Swallows, at age twelve when they shared their first kiss. She is a travel agent for Allure Travel & Cruises, a business that Martin's father often worked with. After dating for nine years, Swallows proposed to Martin during his senior year of college, to which he happily accepted. They planned to have the wedding after Martin's graduation, but it never came to fruition. 

Martin took his education very seriously and would take on many responsibilities. On top of his high school extracurriculars, he worked a part time job as a pool cleaner for Rainbow Swimming Pool, eight hours per week. In college, he worked as a lifeguard for Iron Pool. His busy schedule led to immense academic success but had detrimental effects on his health. On some days, Martin would come home from school or work late at night, looking very pale. His family would always show great concern for him, but he always politely brushed it off and reassured them that he would be fine. 

After graduating from UPenn on May 3, 2022, Suarez started looking for a financial position. Even though there was no deadline for when to get a job, he always seemed frantic in his process of job searching. Within the last week of his life, Suarez's physical and mental well-being gradually declined. He would admit to feeling pain but refused to see a doctor, prioritizing his yet-to-begin career over his health. On May 11, his mother found him unresponsive in his bedroom, with his laptop open in front of him, displaying his recent search history of job research and applications. Martin was rushed to the hospital, where it was determined that he had suffered a massive heart attack. Suarez eventually succumbed to his injuries and died at the age of 21, a month short of his 22nd birthday. Most of his family, excluding his stepfather, attended his funeral. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Young people]]