====== please don't edit this thanks! ======

== Birth ==
{{Infobox_character|name=Bashar Barkat|aliases=Bashar/Bash/Bashboo|relatives=Parents:
Berna Barkat (1896-)
Siblings:
Zakwan Barkat
 (1921-)
Pets: 
Jamal
(1916-)
Girlfriend:
Dilber Tabah
(1919-)|affiliation=Unemployed/child (1919-1924)
Student at Mirella Maleh Primary School (1925-1930)|marital=Dilber Tabah [Status: Girlfriend] (1929-1930)|birthDate=July 3rd, 1919|birthPlace=Aleppo, Arab Kingdom of Syria|deathDate=October 12th, 1929 [Death reason: perished from building fire from bombing] [Age: 11]|deathPlace=Aleppo Hospital, Aleppo, French State of Syria|species=Human|gender=Male|height=5'11 [Currently a month before his death]|weight=124 pounds|eyes=brown|image=CHEESE CAKE BE LIKE .png|imagecaption=Him, as a kid/before death}}{{Infobox_character_2}}
Bashar was born who came in this world through artificial insemination in Aleppo, Syria his single mother was impregnated by a sperm load that was anonymously donated to a fertility clinic. His birthday is July 3, 1919, he is a cancer. His mothers name is Berna Barkat (1896), he has a house cat named Jamal (1917) When he was received from the hospital, his parents promised to raise him happy and healthy.

== Childhood ==

===== In 1921, Bashars mother gave birth to a baby boy named, Zakwan Barkat that day he got to hold his baby brother. While during that year he rejected a friend. =====
in 1922 while playing and running around the farmhouse he accidently break his mothers chainsaw, Bashar admit he broke it and my mother accepted the apology, and he went back to playing.

In 1923 at the age of 5, his mother took him to the docters office to get a vaccine, instead of trying to stay calm he pitched a fit, as his mom, groaned.

in 1924 at the age of 6 Bashar started public primary school at Mirella Maleh, another kid name Sahar wanted to be friends with me, I reject his friend request. President Calvin Coolidge signed the Indian citizenship act, but my mother didn't really know what that really informed.

in 1925, my mother recieved a newspaper for a kids soccer league, he said sign me up! and played the first game a month later!

in 1926 his classmate just tried start playing a game of checkers with another student in the middle of the lesson, and I laughed at it. *it said telephones but telephones weren't a thing back in the days"

in 1927, I went to the eye exam, and I failed and got new glasses.

in 1928, my classmate Dilber asked me out, and I said yeah.

== DEATH ==
in 1929 unfortunately, Bashar Barkat perished in a building fire after several bombs detonated around town, his funeral was attended by his mother, his new girlfriend, dilber, and his half brother Zakwan, after the incident his mother started a bombing for charity