Sir '''Louis Crayford, Baron Rooney-Hughes''' OBE (January 12, 1927 - March 10, 2022) was a British rugby player, coach, actor, artist, author, and royal consort who was the husband of Baroness Holly Rooney-Hughes from their marriage in 2007 until his death in 2022. He played in the Rugby Football League (RFL) for 23 seasons from 1945 to 1968, most of which he played for the Hull Kingston Shakers (1945-1950; 1967-1968) and the Wigan Trojans (1954-1962). Throughout the early 1950s, he also played for the Australian teams Sydney Wattles and Melbourne Monsoon. After retiring from the RFL, Crayford attended art school before embarking on an acting career spanning over three decades. As an actor, he is best known for portrayals of sports coaches (mostly of the rugby sport) due to his experience as an athlete. 

==Boyhood and school==
Louis was born in Staines as the first member of his generation of the Crayford family. His mother, Regina (1887 - 1969) was a restaurateur, and his father, Finnigan "Finn" Crayford (1884 - 1962) was a paralegal who frequently worked with military clients during World War I. The family had a pet pussycat named Nala (c. 1926 - 1938). Louis became acquainted with a boy his age named Elton Cook (1927 - 2004) in his first year at primary school, and the two became best friends within a few years. Cook, who would frequently play rugby with Louis, would go on to become a musician. 

Expressing an interest in sports at a young age, Louis began playing competitively at Choice Preparatory School, joining the school's rugby team. He also excelled as a student equestrian and actor in the drama club. Louis became the captain of the rugby team at the age of 14, president of the equestrian club at the age of 15, and president of the drama club at the age of 16. Teachers and fellow students of his cited him as very outgoing, enthusiastic, and ambitious. Crayford graduated from Choice Preparatory in 1945. Towards the end of his education, he expressed interest in training to join the military, but the war for Europe had already ended in May, leaving Crayford to refocus his attention on sports.

==Rugby Football League==
===Hull Kingston Shakers (1945-1950)===
Upon graduating from Choice Preparatory, Crayford was offered a 2-year contract with the Hull Kingston Shakers. He accepted the contract and joined the team as a flanker. In 1946, he trash talked to a player that trash talked him. Crayford finished his rookie season, and the Shakers finished 10th in the league. After a game in 1947, he hooked up with a fan named Eliza Kaminski, who only watched his games to check out his butt. In 1948, Crayford turned down a mafia associate's offer of £25,000 ($34,307.67; $457,623.03 in 2025) to ensure that the team lost a game to the Wakefield Deltas and promptly reported them to the authorities. The Shakers placed 9th in the league for two seasons, until rising up to 3rd place in 1950, thanks to Crayford's skilled playing. 

===Sydney Wattles (1950-1952)===
After the expiration of his contract with the Shakers in 1950, Crayford signed a new contract with the Australian team The Sydney Wattles. Subsequently, he agreed to a temporary residence in Australia, and eventually obtained citizenship. At the end of the season in 1951, when the Wattles played 4th in the league, Crayford won his first Most Improved Player Award. In 1952, he stopped his teammates from fighting over competitive fan sports leagues by participating in better practice games. The Wattles finished that season as league champions. Crayford was proud, but he was starting to miss his home country and requested a trade. However, he was unable to be traded to a British team, so he instead signed onto the Melbounre Monsoon. 

===Melbourne Monsoon and Penrith Panzers (1952-1954)===
Crayford started his eighth season strong. He encountered another trash-talking player in 1953. The Monsoon placed seventh in the league that year. Crayford then tried to trade himself for a team in England again, but to no avail. He ended up with the Penrith Panzers for his ninth season. In 1954, to clean up his image in hopes of getting a lucrative endorsement deal, he started volunteering at a homeless shelter. The Panzers placed eighth in the league. Later that year, Crayford was finally able to get back to his home country by securing a new contract with the Wests Sabertooths. 

===Wests Sabertooths & Wigan Trojans (1954-1962)===
Although it was brief, Crayford's time with the Sabertooths was well spent, as his skill level helped them win some games for the season. Later, he left the Sabertooths to join the Wigan Trojans, who finished as runners up in 1955. In 1956, Crayford wanted to sleep with a fan named Nickie Cruz, but backed out when he realized no protection was available. The Trojans finished as runners up for the second time in a row. In 1957, Crayford was offered £90,000 ($123,507.62; $1,412,931.57 in 2025) by a shady executive to make the team lose a game on purpose. He reported him to the police, resulting in the executive's termination, arrest, and eventual conviction of fraud. The trojans became league champions in 1958, runners up in 1959, and third place in 1960. During a 1959 game, Crayford suffered a 1 turf toe and had to take physical therapy. He went to therapy again in 1960 for sciatica. The Trojans won the championship for two more years in a row, in 1961 and 1962, that latter year being the end of Crayford's contract with the team. 

===Warrington Devil Dogs (1962-1967)===
After the Trojans, Crayford joined the Warrington Devil Dogs. In 1963, he underwent a spa-based vaccination for muscle aches. The Devil Dogs finished as runners up that season. During a 1964 game, he played through a match while suffering an elbow injury. Crayford's courage allowed the team to finish as runners up again. The Dogs fell back into third place in 1965, but fans were more excited about celebrating Crayford's milestone of 20 seasons in the RFL. In 1966, he caught one of his teammates throwing games in order to cash in on bets and reported him to the coach. The Dogs came back to the runners up spot that year, only to fall down to fifth place the following season. In 1967, before Crayford's time with the Dogs ended, he talked with his coach about opportunities the team would have if it were to partner with the then-new shoe brand, Nike. 

===Return to Shakers for final season (1967-1968)===
In 1967, following his release from the Dogs, Crayford, aged 40, began to accept the possibility of retirement and that no teams would take him on at his age. However, he was offered one last contract; a one-year deal with none other than the Shakers, who had decided to have him play for them one last time to make his final season more memorable. Crayford eagerly accepted the contract. He played every game the best he could and had much fun with his teammates and coaches. Even though the Shakers placed 5th in the league at the end of the season in 1968, the fans still celebrated his endurance to play for so long and prasied him during his retirement ceremony.

==Artistry and acting career==
Following his retirement from the RFL in 1968, Crayford enrolled in university as an art student, majoring in art history. Although he was considered too old to participate in any extracurricular activities as a student, he accepted offers to coach the school's rugby team due to his experience as a player. Some of the student-athletes he coached were the children of his former teammates at Choice Preparatory. 

... 

After graduating from college, Crayford found a new job as a voiceover actor for Luminous Film Institute in 1972. 

...

Crayford announced in 2006 that he was retiring from acting in the following year. His final film, (TBA), was released in 2007, around the time of his first wife's death, after which Crayford subsequently retired from Luminous.

==Personal life==
Crayford enjoyed the single life until his late twenties; in 1956, he met his first wife, [[Freya Gray]] (1927 - 2007), a sailor in Her Majesty's Coastguard (later returned to "His" after the death of Queen Elizabeth II). They got married a year later after Crayford completed his 12th season. They had two children, Ada (born 1960), a professor at Krypton University District, and David (born 1962), a reporter for Syngergy Broadcasting Service. In an interview, he stated that one of his few regrets was not having children sooner for the sake of his parents getting to be grandparents to his children for longer than they did; Finn had died the year David was born (Ada was 2 years old at the time), and Regina died when Ada was 9 and David was 7. Crayford and Gray remained married until Gray's death in 2007, shortly after their golden wedding anniversary and shortly before Crayford's retirement from acting. 

That same year, Crayford met Baroness Holly Rooney-Hughes (born c. 1984). After several months of dating, they got married, and Louis officially became the consorted Baron of Rooney-Hughes. They had four children together: 
* Helena (born 2010) - Named after Helena of Troy 
* Ringo (born 2011) - Named after Ringo Starr 
* Mildred (born 2013) 
* Alfred ("Alfie;" born 2016) - Named after Alfred Hitchcock 

Crayford died on March 10, 2022 at the age of 95. He is survived by his wife, six children, and any potential grandchildren.

==Legacy==

==Filmography==
===Film===

===Television===

===Video games===

==Bibliography==

==Awards and honors==
* Most Improved Player Award (1951) 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Artists]]
[[Category:Australians]]
[[Category:Authors/Writers]]