{{Infobox character|name=Jessica Willikers|birthDate=November 5, 1961|birthPlace=Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.|deathDate=January 26, 2024|deathPlace=Georgia, U.S.|gender=Female}}

'''Jessica Willikers''' (November 5, 1961 - January 26, 2024) was an American tailor and serial killer. She committed five fatal drive-by shootings and one other murder before being sentenced to life imprisonment.

==Biography==
===Early life===
Willikers was born in Atlanta, Georgia, on November 5, 1961, to Trayvon Willikers (1917-1994), a 44-year-old receptionist, and Raven Willikers (1936-2011), a 25-year-old insurance agent. She had a family dog named Clifford, who died in 1968. Willikers had an unexceptional childhood and began work as a tailor for the Bohner Group after graduation. She had a frayed relationship with her brother Jackson (1965-2019), which started in their childhood. Jessica's only interactions with the law prior to her conviction were four assault charges, three brought by her brother and one by an airline pilot. She was acquitted of all charges on each occasion. 

Jessica may have been related to businessman and veteran [[Dan Willikers]]. 

===Crimes===
In 1995, aged 34, Willikers murdered a random magician by electrocuting him in his bathtub. Her murder spree would only resume 24 years later, after she bought a 2006 white Ford F-150 SUV. Despite her history of violent crime, Willikers possessed a firearm, which she would use in five drive-by shootings. In 2019, she fatally shot a random cheerleader, supposedly as practice for her further crimes, and her brother Jackson. In 2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Jessica murdered a drunk man, a troubadour, and her best friend Cheyenne. After Cheyenne's killing, Willikers was charged with murder and convicted. She was sentenced to 150 years in prison, effectively life imprisonment.

===Prison===
Willikers was an unexceptional prisoner. On January 26, 2024, she died in Georgia custody at the age of 62. No mourners attended her funeral. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Serial killers]]