'''Grace Cluckerberg''' (2025-2107) was an American receptionist and convicted burglar.

== Early life (2025-2043) ==
Cluckerberg was born in Los Angeles, California. She was the younger of two children born to Clark Cluckerberg and his first wife Tasty Hooker-Fish. When Cluckerberg was an infant, her father married [[Jayla Sprinkle]]. 

In 2043, Cluckerberg graduated from high school.

== Career (2043-2090) ==
In 2043, Cluckerberg became a receptionist for Discount Group. She retired in 2090.

== Prison sentence (2094-2097) ==
In 2094, Cluckerberg was convicted of burgling a phone sex operator’s house and evading arrest. She was sentenced to 4 years in prison.

In 2097, Cluckerberg appealed her conviction to the California Court of Appeal for the Second District, but lost. She escaped from prison.

== Death ==
In 2107, Cluckerberg died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
Cluckerberg has a daughter, Becky Kirk (2062-after 2111), from a relationship with a man named Carter Kirk.

In 2094, Cluckerberg was briefly married to a retired marine biologist named Tyreese Carr (2025-after 2097). She has two ex-stepdaughters, Ashley Carr (2053-after 2097) and Mary Carr (2056-after 2097).

After Cluckerberg and Carr divorced, she started dating a museum worker named Salvador Roosevelt (2051-after 2111). They were married in 2097. Cluckerberg has a stepson, [[Carlton Roosevelt]], from Roosevelt’s prior marriage to a woman named Tiana Fingerwell.
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Burglars]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Receptionists]]
[[Category:Old people]]