'''Benjamin Cha''' (3297-3359) was an American porn star and politician.

== Early life (3297-3315) ==
Cha was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was the youngest of four children born to [[Chin Cha XIII]] and the only one born to his second girlfriend Misty Yamamoto.

In 3315, Cha graduated from high school.

== Porn career (3316-3327) ==
In 3316, Cha became a porn cameraman for Gung Ho Studios.

In 3323, Cha became famous. He ran for election to the Clark County Board of School Trustees, but lost to Donald Turner.

In 3327, Cha resigned.

== Political career (3327-3359) ==
In 3327, Cha ran for election to the Clark County Board of School Trustees and beat DJ McDonald.

In 3331, Cha ran for reelection and beat Ignacio Goldfarb.

In 3335, Cha ran for Mayor of Las Vegas as a Democrat and beat Republican candidate Bruce Crunk.

In 3339, Cha ran for reelection and beat Republican candidate JB Zhang.

In 3343, Cha ran for Governor of Nevada, but lost the Republican primary. He enrolled at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.

In 3347, Cha graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science. He ran for Governor of Nevada as a Republican and beat Democratic candidate Daniella Diggler.

In 3351, Cha ran for reelection and beat Socialist candidate Carly Joyner.

In 3355, Cha ran for President of the United States as a Democrat, but lost to Nazi candidate Jermaine Banner. He enrolled at William S. Boyd School of Law.

In 3358, Cha graduated with a Doctorate of Jurisprudence.

In 3359, Cha ran for President, but lost to Republican candidate D’Brickashaw Ramos. He was murdered by his daughter.

== Relationships and children ==
From 3315 to 3346, Cha dated a US Army enlistee named Valeria Smalls (b. 3294). They had two children from their first relationship:

# [[Ha-Eun Cha X]]
# Chin Cha XV (3317-after 3371), policeman
From 3346 to 3359, Cha dated a student named Andree Licker (3327-after 3359). They had a son:

# Andrew Cha VI (3347-after 3371), nude art model
In 3359, Cha and Smalls started dating again.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Mayors]]