'''Ivy Sangeloa''' (February 26, 1940 - April 16, 1994) was an American actress, model, and soldier. After serving in the United States Air Force for twenty years, she embarked on a career of acting and modeling that spanned the last fifteen years of her life. 

==Early life==
Ivy was born in San Angelo, Texas to Mikayla (born 1921) and Henry Sangeloa (1893- 1980). Her mother worked as a trucker, while her father was a graphic designer and World War I veteran. She had three brothers, Gaylord (born 1939), Winston (born 1952), and Latrell (1960 - 1986). Gaylord and Winston are receptionists for Royalty Mills and Lilac Corp, respectively. Latrell was a magician for Abacus Circus; he died in 1986 when he was struck in the head with a golf ball. Ivy had a pet rabbit named Bun (1940 - 1946), whom she had a close bond as a toddler. Bun died when Ivy was six years old, having succumbed to intestinal issues after eating walnuts. Her best friend was Martha Grace (born 1940), whom she met when she was two. 

Sangeloa was interested in both acting and modeling from a young age. She began taking voice lessons and acting lessons at the age of eight, and modeling lessons at age ten.

==Air Force service==
Sangeloa was also interested in the military, having grown up in the same city of an Air Force base. After graduating high school, Class of 1958, she enlisted in the Air Force.

===Dates of rank===
- Airman Basic (1958 - 1959) 

- Airman (1959 - 1961) 

- Airman First Class (1961 - 1963) 

- Senior Airman (1963 - 1965) 

- Staff Sergeant (1965 - 1967) 

- Technical Sergeant (1967 - 1969) 

- Master Sergeant (1969 - 1971) 

- Senior Master Sergeant (1971 - 1975) 

- Chief Master Sergeant (1975 - 1978)

==Acting and Modeling==
Following her retirement from the Air Force, Sangeloa embarked on her acting career in 1978.

==Personal life==
Ivy married her childhood friend and high school sweetheart, Anthony Worthy (born 1940) in 1962. Worthy is a cameraman at Prominence Broadcasting Service. Together, they had two daughters, Avery (born 1964) and Camille (born 1965), and two sons, Marquis (born 1968) and Kevin (1978 - 1989). Avery is a receptionist for Aurora Data, Camille is a real estate agent for Manhole Realty, and Marquis is a mailman. Kevin died in 1989 at the age of 11 from sickle cell disease.

==Death==
During her service, Sangeloa had developed hay fever. Later, during her acting and modeling career, she developed bunions. In 1990, during the filming of a scene of a film adaptation of ''Frankenstein'', she consumed heroin as a method of getting into character. It was at that point that she, at the age of 50, became a heroin addict. Rather than get treated for it, she decided to continue focusing on her career and see how long she could survive, which was not very long. Ultimately, she died from an overdose on April 16, 1994 at the age of 54. Her family, including her still-living mother, her husband, her children, and her two brothers, attended her funeral, which also included military honors due to her service in the Air Force. 

Despite the official manner of Ivy's death being listed as accidental, personal reports from family and friends suggest that she overdosed on purpose as a method of suicide. Members of both her immediate and extended family, and most of her closest friends, including her best friend, Martha Grace, claim that she was suicidal due to the losses she suffered throughout her life. The only piece of evidence against the theory of suicide is that Ivy was never officially diagnosed with suffering from depression. It is also noteworthy that her death took place a short time after the suicide of Kurt Cobain. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Models]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Americans]]