Mary Joe Thiel (3287-3399) was an American veterinarian, politician, mortician, astronaut, and businesswoman.

== Early life (3287-3313) ==
Thiel was born in Dallas, Texas. Her parents were [[Anna Anderson]] and her ex-boyfriend Ezra Thiel.

In 3294, Thiel emigrated to Cardiff, Wales.

In 3305, Thiel emigrated back to Dallas and enrolled at the University of Texas. She was a member of Alpha Chi Omega before graduating in 3309 with a BS in Chemistry.

In 3309, Thiel enrolled at Texas Tech University School of Veterinary Medicine in Lubbock. She bought an equestrian property and five horses, Cody (3308-3328), Ana (3309-3315), Butterbiscuit (3309-3311), Dasher (3309-3341), and Willow (3309-3333).

In 3313, Thiel graduated from veterinary school.

== First veterinary career and DISD (3313-3321) ==
In 3313, Thiel was briefly a veterinarian for Impact Veterinary Clinic. She ran for election to Dallas Independent School District and beat Max Beers. She resigned as a veterinarian to take office.

In 3317, Thiel ran for reelection and beat LeBron Fish. She left office in 3321.

== Second veterinary career (3322-3326) ==
In 3322, Thiel ran for both Mayor of Dallas and Governor of Texas as a Democrat. She lost both elections, to Republicans Harper Herrera and Gabby Nolan respectively. She became a Jr. Veterinarian for Dallas Veterinary Hospital.

== Mayor of Dallas (3326-3334) ==
In 3326, Thiel ran for mayor again and beat Green Party candidate DeShawn Ryder. She resigned as a junior vet to take office.

In 3330, Thiel ran for reelection and beat Socialist candidate Aurelio Costello.

== Third veterinary career (3334-3338) ==
In 3334, Thiel ran for Governor of Texas a second time as a Republican, but lost to Green candidate Darlene Bigg. She became a veterinarian for Impact Veterinary Clinic.

== Governor of Texas (3338-3347) ==
In 3338, Thiel ran for Governor a third time as a Republican. She beat Democratic candidate Nicholas Green and resigned as a veterinarian to take office.

In 3342, Thiel ran for reelection and beat Socialist candidate Stephanie Goodhead.

In 3343, Thiel mourned her father. She took some human placenta from a witch doctor. She stole a PlayStation 5 from a haunted villa. She bought a haunted craftsman home and summoned the ghost of her 34x great grandfather, [[Faber Fernandez]]. She called the ghost “terrific”, then exorcised him and sold the house. She pickpocketed a billionaire and stole $144. She drank a Bloody Mary at a nightclub called Camille’s Disco. She earned a pilot’s license, bought a Cessna 172S, and took it for a flight before selling it. She adopted a mutt named Lauren (3338-3348).

In 3344, Thiel adopted a cat named Lucas (3341-3352). She ran for President of the United States as a Democrat, but lost to Republican candidate Gretchen Cummings.

== Mortuary and astronautic careers (3347-3357) ==
In 3347, Thiel became a mortician for Aardvark Funeral Home, but resigned less than a year later. She began NASA training at Johnson Space Center in Houston.

In 3348, Thiel joined the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as a cadet. She went on her first research mission, taking the Libra X to the International Space Station.

In 3349, Thiel went on her first spacewalk, taking the SpaceY Galactica to repair the Celestia VIII.

In 3350, Thiel was promoted to captain.

In 3355, Thiel was promoted to major and went on her first lunar mission, taking the Iota Pixie to Mare Vaporum.

In 3357, Thiel was forced to retire from NASA due to her age.

== Business career (3357-3384) ==
In 3357, Thiel acquired a jewelery company called Independent Diamond Importers and became the CEO.

In 3371, Thiel sold IDI and acquired a pet supply company called Atomic Animal Zone.

In 3375, Thiel sold AAZ and acquired a dairy farm called Oak Tree Farm.

In 3380, Thiel sold OTF due to financial difficulties and acquired a clothing company called the Dallas Clothing Factory.

In 3384, Thiel sold DCF and retired from business.

== Death ==
In 3399, Thiel died of natural causes. Her funeral was held in Dallas.

== Marriages and children ==
In 3305, Thiel had one night stands with 5 different men. She had a child, Jada Kemper-Foreman (3306-3380), from a hookup with a man named Jackson Kemper-Foreman (b. 3286). Thiel and Kemper-Foreman started dating in 3311. They were married from 3348 to 3380, and he changed his last name to Thiel.

In 3380, Thiel married a retired professor named Omari Thiel (né McCormick, 3293-3383). She had him taxidermied after his death. She has a stepdaughter named [[Monica Morrison]] from Omari Thiel’s previous relationship with a woman named Zelda Stevens.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]