'''Luca Gerber''' (June 14, 1939) is a Swiss 81 Famous Pianist.
==Early life==
Born in June 14 of 1939, he spent most of his childhood in Lugano, Switzerland, with his mother, Karawek Romsee, and his father, [[Mario Gerber]]. At 18 years old, he went to the University of Lugano, studying education and then going to graduate school.
==Career==
Luca Gerber worked as a Principal, leaving the job at 42 years old to start his musical career. Unfortunately, his music was lost to history due to his record label, Namaste Records, shutting down in 2021.
==Personal Life==
Luca Gerber wasn't married, but had two children, Chiara and Rahel Gerber, during one night stands. Luca also sold his sperm to sperm banks during his life. He was considered to be a martyr because of him attending charity events and often donating to them.
===Controversies===
Luca was also know infamously for being an awful father after abandoning and cutting off his two children, Chiara and Rahel Gerber, from his will.
===Near-Death Experiences===
Luca survived in many near-death experiences during his life. One famous near-death experience was in May 21 of 1940: him and his family were on vacation in Le Havre, when suddenly Nazi troops began capturing the town. Fortunately, him and his family survived after 4 hours of German occupation, being saved by two fishermen from the town who were about to escape to the United Kingdom with a boat. Luca was also a target by many criminals who wanted to assasinate him after the recent controversy.
[[Category:Fan Characters|Gerber, Luca]]