'''Thomas Anderson Colbert''' (December 23, 1927 - June 2, 2021) was a police officer who served as chief of police during his service at the Brooklyn Police Department spanning four decades, from the mid-1950s to the mid-1990s.  After retirement, he became a successful sculptor from the mid-90s to the early 2010s. Colbert was also a United States Army veteran of World War II and the Korean War. 

==Early life and US Army service==
Tom was born two days before Christmas of 1927 in Brooklyn. His mother, [[Andree Colbert]], was a US Army soldier. His father, [[Bill Colbert]], was a real estate agent. He had a twin brother, [[Tony Colbert]]. He also had a younger brother, [[Cole Colbert|Cole]], born in 1936, who would become a salesman. Colbert spent time with his friends and family as much as he could. 

Colbert graduated high school in 1945, roughly a couple months before the end of the Second World War. His mother's service in the US Army inspired him to serve his country with her (at least for a little while). 

Colbert received his honorable discharge in early to mid 1955, shortly before the outbreak of the Vietnam War.

===Dates of rank===
* Private (1945-1946)
* Private Second Class (1946-1948)
* Private First Class (1948-1950)
* Specialist (1950-1952)
* Sergeant (1952-1954)
* Staff Sergeant (1954-1955)

==Police service==
Colbert joined the Brooklyn Police Department in 1955. Many officers gave him a big welcoming party due to his honorable service in the military. In his thirty-nine year service, he recieved six promotions: 

- Trooper (1958)

- Corporal (1961)

- Sergeant (1964)

- Inspector (1967)

- Lieutenant (1970)

- Chief of Police (1973) 

In 1965, Colbert warned a driver for making disrespectful comments toward him during a routine traffic stop. In 1967, after being promoted to the rank of inspector, someone drove by and splashed him with a puddle. Colbert yelled at the driver and called him foolhardy. He earned his Lieutenant promotion in 1970 when he survived a shark attack at the beach. This would lead him to host and star in his own educational video on how to survive shark attacks. 

In 1987, Colbert participated in volunteer work at the local middle school with his supervisor. In 1990, while Combert was investigating a crime scene, a suspect attempted to flee. Colbert tased the individual, and they were brought into custody as soon as they were stable. 

After four decades of overall police service and over twenty years as a chief, Colbert retired in 1994. 

===Notable arrests===
====1955-1958====

====1959-1961====

====1962-1964====

====1965-1967====

====1968-1970====

====1971-1973====

====1974-1994====

==Sculpting career== 

After his police career, Colbert become a sculptor. In 2012, two years before his eligibility for another retirement, Colbert's sculpting services were terminated due to his old age.

===Selected works===

==Personal life==
Colbert married his childhood (and high school) sweetheart, Bobbie Sue Valazquez, in 1945. Their first child of six, Samantha, was born in 1947. Bobbie Sue was a firefighter. Tom appeared on a special guest episode of ''The Late Show with Stephen Colbert'' to determine if he and Stephen were related. It was proven that they shared no blood connection, but they stated that they still accepted each other's friendship.

==Death==
On June 2, 2021, Colbert died peacefully in his sleep at the ripe old age of 93. He is survived by his wife, his brother Cole, his five children (the sixth, Precious, had died in a fatal boating accident in 2016), eight grandchildren and his nieces and nephews. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Police officers]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Twins]]
[[Category:World War II veterans]]
[[Category:Korean War veterans]]
[[Category:Old people]]