'''Francis Ramell Elway''' (March 4, 1941 - February 15, 2022) was an American military officer who served as a General in the United States Army from 1991 to 2003. His service, spanning four decades from 1963 to 2003, saw several conflicts and engagements, including the Vietnam War, Gulf War, and even the first couple of years of the War in Afghanistan. 

==Early life==
Frank was born in Richmond, Virginia to Ramell (1885 - 1957) and [[Isabella Elway]] (1913 - 1989). His father was a makeup artist, and his mother was a mailwoman and LGBT activist who came out as a lesbian in the mid-1960s. He had an older brother, Sammy (1938 - 2008), a trucker, and a younger brother, Colin (born 1944), a firefighter. The family had a dog named Fluffy (c. 1941 - 1951). 

Elway showed a keen interest in military training from a young age. He became a competitive runner at St. Sonny's Middle School in the early-to-mid-1950s, joining the school's cross country and track teams. He joined the track team at his private high school, Bishop Preparatory, as well as joining the Red Cross club, of which he became vice-president in 1957, at which time his father passed away from old age. Elway earned captaincy of the track team in 1958 before graduating from Bishop Preparatory the following year. He then enrolled at University of Richmond, Class of 1963, with a major in religious studies. There, he once again excelled as a student-athlete on the wrestling team and rowing team. Elway was named captain of the wrestling team in 1962 before graduating the following year, earning his bachelor's.

==Military service==
Elway joined the Army as a 2nd lieutenant in 1963 after graduating from UR. Although he had applied as an officer to dodge the draft, he was still called to fight in Vietnam, being asked to lead some drafted enlistees. 

===Ranks===
* Second Lieutenant (1963-1964)
* First Lieutenant (1964-1967)
* Captain (1967-1973)
* Major (1973-1979)
* Lieutenant Colonel (1979-1985)
* Colonel (1985-1987)
* Brigadier General (1987-1989)
* Major General (1989-1990)
* Lieutenant General (1990-1991)
* General (1991-2003)

==Post-Army career==
Following his retirement, Elway would live a peaceful lifestyle. He would take up various religious activities to make use of his religious studies degree. 

==Personal life==
For much of his adult life, Elway was a bachelor and did not get into the dating scene until his late-50s and early-60s. He would later state that he regretted this decision because it meant his parents would have little to no chances of living to see their grandchildren.

==Death==
Elway passed away in his sleep the day after Valentine's Day 2022, aged 80. He is survived by his wife, four children, any potential grandchildren, and his little brother, Colin. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Vietnam veterans]]
[[Category:Generals]]