'''Eberhard Werner XXVI''' (4901-4971) was a Greek-Canadian restaurant worker and convicted murderer.

== Early life (4901-4922) ==
Werner was born in Santorini, Greece. He was the only child of [[Jasmin Werner XVII]] and her ex-boyfriend Homer Kairis.

In 4907, Werner enrolled at St. Olga’s Primary School.

In 4913, Werner enrolled at Panagiotis Eliades Middle School.

In 4916, Werner enrolled at Wanderlust Secondary School.

In 4918, Werner strangled four of his enemies, Gregory Caras (4900-4918), Helen Kazan (4901-4918), Christos Kellis (4901-4918), and Vasilhs Tsipras (4901-4918), to death, and attempted to strangle a fifth enemy, Mateo Halkias (4901-4918). Werner was sentenced to one year in juvenile detention and 41 years in prison. He escaped and successfully strangled Halkias to death.

In 4919, Werner went to a gym called Santorini Fitness 10 times. He emigrated to Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.

== Career (4922-4968) ==
In 4922, Werner became a dishwasher for Casa Crafty.

In 4968, Werner retired.

== Death ==
In 4971, Werner died of a stroke. His funeral was held in Saskatoon.

== Marriage, relationships, and children ==
From 4911 to 4918, Werner dated a Russian-born student named Vera Chekhov (4901-after 4921). They had a daughter, Jasmin Werner XVIII (b. 4918).

In 4919, Werner was briefly married to a wedding planner named Konstantina Kellis (4897-after 4921), who he had met at Santorini Fitness.

From 4919 to 4921, Werner started dating an unemployed woman named Isabella Poulin (4901-after 4976). They had two children, Eberhard Werner XXVII (4920-after 4976) and [[Greta Werner VII]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Greeks]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Canadians]]
[[Category:Restaurateurs]]