Weston James Stone (July 17th, 1975 -) as a boy he was tall for his age, and was always adventurous and into sport, and as he grew he was an American Baseball Player in the early 90s and later 2000s. His career made him famous and the when YouTube came out, he did his trick shots in baseball. Today he is one of the most popular baseball players

{{Infobox_character|name=Weston Stone|affiliation=A baseball player, and writer|marital=Tisha Hayes (1986-2026)|birthDate=July 17th, 1975|birthPlace=Denver, Colorado|deathDate=October 17th, 2026|aliases=Weston, Stone|relatives=Irene Stone (1951-)
Irwin Stone (1948-)
Aiden Stone (1976-)
Jasmine Stone (1983-)
Tisha Hayes (1975-)
Aria Stone (1998-)
Elliot Stone (2000)
Asher Stone (2003-)
Chloe Stone (2006-)
Grayson stone (2009-)
Amani Stone (2013-)
Savannah Stone  (2015-)
Weston Jr. Stone (2018-)|deathPlace=Penrose Hostpital, Denver, Colardo|species=Human|gender=Male|height=6.5|weight=123|eyes=Green}}





== Early Life (1975-1991) ==
Weston was born on July 17th, 1975 at the Penrose Hospital in Denver, Colorado. His parents are Irene Stone and Irwin Stone. Both were pretty poor but tried to give food to the table, during his birth he was the only child, had no siblings nor a pet. During his few weeks and months he was a very unhealthy baby, had liver problems during 2 weeks after his birth and 2 months after, he had a severe brain problem but thankfully it got fixed and now he was a healthy baby forward. At age 1, he finally had a baby brother name Aiden. At age 5, he started his first year of Elementary school at Sunrise, a public. His parents couldn't afford private. At age 8, he was a fond of a girl named Riley Maggot and became friends with her. A few days after, his brother Aiden showed Weston a new sport named Baseball, and he was a fond of it so he signed up and competed in every league. At age 9, his parents had a baby sister named Jasmine Stone. He, gone out with Tisha Hays. As a teen he was always into baseball, and wanted to know everything about it and at age 14, he got into the baseball club. At age 16, he got his drivers license. During the few months, from 16 to 17 he was practicing for the baseball team. And age, 17 he became captain of the baseball team. At age 18, he graduated from highschool and got a athletic scholarship and chose history and practiced until he graduated.

== Personal life(1991-) ==
On, June 6th, 1998 Weston and his girlfriend, had a baby girl named Aria, named after his grandmother.  At age 26, he got her pregnant again. And proposed to her at a national park, and had the wedding a few weeks later at the beach in a national park. At age 27, his girlfriend, had a baby boy named Elliot. At age 29, his girlfriend got pregnant, and at age 30, she gave birth to another boy named Asher. At age 33, she got pregnant once again, and gave birth to Chloe, as Weston was surprised at her heart birthmark. 6 months later YouTube was invented, so he created a account and did his content on product reviews and vlogs only having 9 subscribers before going verified. Chloe got whooping cough at a young age, his brain thought it would just go away and its just a cold. At age 36, he watched her give birth to a baby boy named Grayson. At age 37, he was a little addicted to tanning for 3 years of his life. At age 39, he retired from Baseball. During 2013, his wife gave birth to a baby boy named Amani. During the same year, he got sick and coughed a lot so he searched on the web and suspected he had ulcers so he visited the doctor and got diagnosed with cancer of the skin sad, because he wanted to live. At age 41, his wife, became pregnant again. And he got a job as a writer. And wrote his first book on his life, called "Life of Times with Weston Stone." In 2015, his wife gave birth to a baby girl named Savannah. On 2016, his wife got pregnant again, and she gave birth to a boy named Weston Jr. At 48, he took smack impacting his health very badly and he got covid too. As he took a lot of drugs. At age 51, he bribed a tutor 18,000 to help with his daughter, Chloe.

== Baseball career (1995-) ==
On December 14th, 1995 he started his baseball career on the Houston Boosters team as a outfielder. In the middle of a game a player from the Milwaukee Lagers looked at him, and asks, "Why, do you run from the baseball like its your parents." He just insulted him saying, 'At least, my parents weren't drug addict morons." At age 23, he hit a walk-off grand slam in the bottom of the ninth to win a game against the Arizona Gila Monsters. At age, 24 he changed team and just embraced it. At age 26, he crushed a game-winning homerun inning to defeat Texas panhandlers, but suffered a oblique tibia fracture, and had to get surgery done. While Weston, was in the locker room, he noticed his teammate injecting steroids' before a game, and confronted him. At age 28, he joined Washington Liers. At age 30, his coach asked him to quit all forms of alcohol he quit drinking it. A reporter asked Weston, "Why do you play baseball, Weston?" He said in a comforting tone, "I, just play it for charity, ya know charity hits?" While Weston was leaving the park, a young boy named Tommy Lee Ryder, wearing his jersey, approaches and sheepishly tells him he is his favorite player, he thanked him and signed his jersey before taking off once again. He reported a mafia boss from Buffalo to the authorities, before he stabbed my hip with a butter knife. While traveling on a bus, one of his teammates said, "Yo, Wes whos your favorite baseball GOAT?' Weston said, 'OH, babe Ruth TOTALLY." At age 39, he retired

== Death ==
On October 17th, 2026 Weston was in his bedroom as he watched tv he went to his gun cabinet and pulled out a pew pew, and shot himself multiple times in different areas, and fell unconscious. Weston went into the room, as he saw his father bleeding as he screamed and called 911, he was rushed to the hospital in the ambulance, but unfortunately died just days after on October 21st, 2026. His private funeral was on October 27th, attended by his father, his mother, his devoted wife, his eight loving children, and his three siblings and his loving friends. And his public funeral was on November 3rd, and attended by his family and friends and 1000 other guest. And they built a statue and memorial in his city. 

== Aftermath ==
His wife, decided enough was enough so during the public funeral, she made a skin cancer research & A suicide prevention charity, to donate to others who were in the same case as Weston and they donated 150,000 over the years. And Weston who discovered the father shot, earned a metal of honor and earned himself during college a baseball scholarship
{{Infobox_character}}
.   





[[Category:Fan Characters]]