Nathan Valsalva "Nathan the hook" (1915-1949) was born a male in Venice, Italy and a well known, criminal, terrorist, and mafia member . His mother is Melissa Valsalva, a massage therapist (age 35). He has no father, as his father was unknown. He has a family Persian cat named Juno. During his early childhood he was known for his rudeness and his violence. At his later childhood he was known for his crimes. Around 14 and 17 he committed murderer against two people his younger brother and his Italian Teacher. Around September 17th, 1949 he got killed by his gang members after accusing somebody for being a rat, from his suspicious acts, getting beated along suffering massive injuries.

== Early life ==
At age 1, his mother married his new stepfather 38-year old receptionist named Agosto Vespucci. At age 3, his mother and step-father had a baby boy named Diego. At age 5, he was angry at his father for giving him a box of carrots instead of a box of donuts so he bit his throat. At age 6, he got enrolled into Gravity Primary School. At age 10 his cat passed away, from eating rancid fish that was left in the trash. At age 11, he started dating a girl named Emilia Toscani, a few months after that he started pickpocketing and other crimes. At age 14, Nathan did the most unpredictable thing while playing  baseball with his brother Diego, he scared him by dressing up like a angry Karen and a few hours later he unfortunaly passed away, at age 11. His funeral was a couple days after his death, his parents thought it was a natural death. At age 15, Nathan got diagnosed with depression, knowing killing his brother was for the best. At age 16, he no longer suffered from depression. At age 17, while at class he poured antifreeze into his Italian teacher, Mr. Baresi's iced tea, and killed him the cops came to the scene and arrested Nathan and he was sentenced for life, of his 2 counts of murder. At age 18, he got out of prison and decided to apply for the Venice Mafia.

== Personal Life ==
At age 21, he started dating a girl named Lelia Pagnotto. And at age 22, he got her pregnant. And at age 23, she gave birth to a baby girl named Fernanda. At age 24, his wife got pregnant again. And at 25, his wife gave brth to a baby girl named Sopia Valsalva. At age 26, he got caught of escaping jail. Thankfully he stole a gaurds uniform to escape prison at age 30. At age 31, he suffered from bunions. At age 32, he suffered from alcohol



== Mafia life ==
His boss, Ice Pick Daniel asked him to hack into the Ferrari Family's private network and crash the system, he did it without any questions. At age 20, his girlfriend wanted to break up with him, and Nathan punched her throat. At age 23, He was ordered to kill a socialites, without her looking he poured antifreeze in her iced tea. At age 24, he got called Nathan the Hook At age 24, he got convicted of robbing a bank so he decided to escape. At age 25, he choked a bookie after ordered too. At age 34, he wanted to expose Enrico Scalice as a rat, and he was not a rat and got beaten.



== DEATH ==
A day before his death on September 16th, 1949 he exposed Enrico Scalice as a rat, but he was not even though he was suspicious and his only friend beated him, and a few hours after that the gang beated him making Nathan suffering bad injuries. On the day of his death on the 17th he was watching a lake, with his two daughters and his wife when one of the gang members stuffed him in a trunk of a car and sank it in the lake, before it sank he screamed for help as they tried saving him, but unfortunaly it was too late he died, the car sank to the bottom of the lake. The funeral was a week after his death and his mother, His two kids and his wife attended, a reporter said to the two kids and the wife, 'How did this happen, you guys were there to see it right." They confirmed and said he drowned in a drunk in a car. A few months after his passing he was convicted even know he was dead for his 3 counts of murderer, and escaping prison multiple times and his other crimes he committed before passing away.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Terrorists]]
[[Category:Italians]]