'''Capt. Carlton Roosevelt XXX''' (3261-3306) was a Romanian bubblegum singer and veteran.

== Early life (3261-3284) ==
Roosevelt was born in Transylvania, Romania. He was the youngest of four children born to [[Liam Roosevelt]] and his girlfriend Adelina Lupu. 

In 3280, Roosevelt enrolled at Babeș-Bolyai University. He majored in political science.

In 3284, Roosevelt graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science.

== Military service (3284-3289) ==
In 3284, Roosevelt joined the Romanian Land Forces as a Sublieutenant.

In 3285, Roosevelt was promoted to Lieutenant.

In 3289, Roosevelt was promoted to Captain. He was honorably discharged.

== Music career (3292-3306) ==
In 3292, Roosevelt signed with Rosebud Records as a pop singer. He released his debut bubblegum album, ''I’ve Got the Flower'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3293, Roosevelt released his second album, ''Daydreaming of Nowhere Else'', which went gold in 3296.

In 3296, Roosevelt released his third album, ''Gelatinous Valley'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3299, Roosevelt released his fourth album, ''Playing Dress-Up'', which went diamond in less than a year.

In 3303, Roosevelt released his fifth album, ''CARTPOP'', which went diamond in less than a year.

== Death ==
In 3306, Roosevelt tried to murder his daughter, Venus, with a set of plastic vampire teeth. She took out a set of her own and killed him in self defense.

== Relationship and children ==
In 3287, Roosevelt started dating a graphic designer named Timea Munteanu (3257-after 3313). They had four children:

# Venus Roosevelt XVII (3288-after 3313)
# Alina Roosevelt (3290-after 3313)
# Miruna Roosevelt (3291-after 3313)
# [[Carlton Roosevelt XXXI]]

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Romanians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Musicians]]