'''Venus Roosevelt XI''' (2659-May 10, 2781) was an American model, porn star, and movie star.

== Early life (2659-2677) ==
Roosevelt was born in San Francisco, California. She was the eldest of three children born to [[Sean Roosevelt]] and Nakita Peña-Reyes.

In 2677, Roosevelt graduated from high school.

== Modeling career (2677-2678) ==
In 2677, Roosevelt became a foot model for San Francisco Models.

In 2678, Roosevelt prayed to the BitLife developers.

In 2679, Roosevelt resigned.

== Porn career (2679-2691) ==
In 2679, Roosevelt became a porn actor for Divine Entertainment. She went on vacation to Florence and Honolulu.

In 2686, Roosevelt became famous.

In 2687, Roosevelt sprinkled her mother’s ashes in a graveyard.

In 2691, Roosevelt resigned.

== Acting career (2692-2771) ==
In 2692, Roosevelt played the lead role of Winston Thompson in ''Dances with Hooves''.

In 2693, Roosevelt played Windass-Kane in ''The Big Shtick''.

In 2694, Roosevelt played Erica in ''Forgetting Erica Phan''.

In 2695, Roosevelt played Skylar Crunk in ''My Dog’s a Scaredy-Cat''.

In 2696, Roosevelt played Lexi Adams in ''The Blackest Night''.

In 2698, Roosevelt played Joey Teno in ''Homies''.

In 2699, Roosevelt played Buckingham in ''Silverado Ranch''.

In 2700, Roosevelt played Carrie Fitzgerald in ''The Clairvoyant of Chattanooga''.

In 2701, Roosevelt played Asia Dominguez in ''Danny Darko''.

In 2702, Roosevelt played Evlyntine Price in ''Bedknobs and Boomsticks''.

In 2703, Roosevelt played Tia Wallace in ''Pulp Science Fiction''.

In 2704, Roosevelt played Ramsay in ''When Our Lives Collided''.

In 2705, Roosevelt played Foxy Hart in ''Denver''.

In 2707, Roosevelt played Georgia Wellington in ''Myths of Avalon''.

In 2708, Roosevelt played Amelia Flores in ''The United Kingdom Chainsaw Massacre''.

In 2709, Roosevelt played Sophie Durant in ''The Cross-Stitch Project''.

In 2712, Roosevelt played the Caller in ''Who’s Calling?''

In 2713, Roosevelt played Nurse Wretched in ''One Flew Out of the Dodo’s Nest''.

In 2714, Roosevelt played Maddie Foreman in ''The Secret Lab in My Closet''.

In 2715, Roosevelt played Alma Dickinson in ''Alma and Ruiz''.

In 2716, Roosevelt played Andrew Rios in ''The Dart Thief''.

In 2718, Roosevelt played Derrica Benton in ''Phlegm and the Holograms''.

In 2719, Roosevelt played Jennifer in ''Jennifer Fuchs’s Stalker''.

In 2720, Roosevelt played Evelyn Goodhead in ''A Most Salacious Game''. 

In 2721, Roosevelt played Abigail Fingerman in ''A Final Engagement''. 

In 2731, Roosevelt played Hank Holbrook in ''Train to San Diego''. 

In 2733, Roosevelt played Connie Parker in ''Connie & Clive''. 

In 2735, Roosevelt played Brad Harrison in ''Fast Times at Pierpont High''. 

In 2736, Roosevelt played Natasha Windass in ''Girlfriend of My Imagination''. 

In 2737, Roosevelt played Molly Costello in ''When Beauty Fades''. 

In 2738, Roosevelt played Ashley McNulty in ''It’s a Wonderful CatLife''. 

In 2739, Roosevelt played Dunn in ''Galactic Issues''. 

In 2740, Roosevelt played Cowl in ''Cowl’s Gliding Castle''. 

In 2741, Roosevelt played Sarah Daley in ''The Draft''. 

In 2742, Roosevelt played Jay Blaize in ''Hazed and Confused''. 

In 2743, Roosevelt played Carolina Morningstar in ''The Hag on My Street''. 

In 2744, Roosevelt played Victoria Sawyer in ''Karens''. 

In 2748, Roosevelt played Matthew Durden in ''Bite Club''. 

In 2749, Roosevelt played Krystal Burger in ''Stairway to the Stars''. 

In 2751, Roosevelt played Kenneth Del Mar in ''Brokeback Bayou''. 

In 2753, Roosevelt played Al Hartley in ''The Diaper''. 

In 2755, Roosevelt played Daevon Alvarez in ''The Smell of Cinema''. 

In 2756, Roosevelt played Daffodil in ''The Princess Bridesmaid''. 

In 2758, Roosevelt played Kieran Curry in ''Until We Meet Again''. 

In 2761, Roosevelt played Knightly in ''Fear of Clothing in Las Vegas''. 

In 2770, Roosevelt played Connie Chu in ''Insanely Rich Asians''. 

In 2771, Roosevelt played Gracie Buckingham in ''Overcast with a Chance of Peas''. 

== Death ==
On May 10, 2781, Roosevelt died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2678 to 2679, Roosevelt dated a student named Steve Brown (2659-2741). They had a daughter, Venus Roosevelt XII (2679-2765), from their first relationship.

From 2687 to 2688, Roosevelt and Brown dated again. They had a son, Carlton Roosevelt XVIII (2688-2767), from their second relationship.

From 2717 to 2719, Roosevelt and Brown dated a third time. They had a son, August Roosevelt (2719-after 2784), from their third relationship.

From 2748 to 2751, Roosevelt dated her talent agent, Angel Hole (2668-2758). They had two children, Penelope Hole (2750-after 2784) and [[Boomer Roosevelt]].

In 2780, Roosevelt started dating her talent agent, Charles Roosevelt (2742-after 2781).

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Models]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Old people]]