'''Carlton Roosevelt XIX''' (2784-May 14, 2905) was an American porn star and movie star.

== Early life (2784-2802) ==
Roosevelt was born in San Francisco, California. He was the youngest of three children born to [[Boomer Roosevelt]] and his ex-girlfriend Monica Geller.

In 2789, Roosevelt enrolled at Little Baker Elementary School.

In 2795, Roosevelt enrolled at Seamen Middle School.

In 2798, Roosevelt enrolled at San Francisco High School.

In 2802, Roosevelt graduated.

== Porn career (2802-2810) ==
In 2802, Roosevelt became a porn actor for Divine Entertainment.

In 2809, Roosevelt became famous.

In 2810, Roosevelt resigned.

== Acting career (2811-2900) ==
In 2811, Roosevelt played the lead role of Frosty Pearl in ''Frosty Pearl and the Six Biddies''.

In 2812, Roosevelt played Dwayne Szalinski in ''Honey, I Sacrificed the Kids''.

In 2813, Roosevelt played Jay Gatsby in ''The Great Gatsby''.

In 2814, Roosevelt played Salvador Dunn in ''Time to Race''.

In 2815, Roosevelt played Matthew Durden in ''Bite Club''.

In 2816, Roosevelt played Barry Mason in ''Sliced''.

In 2817, Roosevelt played Mack in ''A Chorus Triangle''.

In 2818, Roosevelt played Luke in ''Until We Meet Again''.

In 2819, Roosevelt played Jack Paradise in ''August Cool''.

In 2820, Roosevelt played Derrica Benton in ''Creme and the Holograms''.

In 2821, Roosevelt played Corden in ''Rachel Getting Buried''.

In 2822, Roosevelt played Raymond Walton in ''When Beauty Fades''.

In 2824, Roosevelt played Winston Lopez in ''Rude Men''.

In 2825, Roosevelt played Jimmy Utah in ''Point Blank''.

In 2826, Roosevelt played Dustin Unbelievable in ''The Unbelievables''.

In 2827, Roosevelt played Alvaro Rockefeller in ''Crush Time''.

In 2828, Roosevelt played Raheem Pearce in ''Overcast with a Chance of Peas''.

In 2829, Roosevelt played Crispin Bohner in ''The Magical Umbrella''.

In 2830, Roosevelt played Jewel Potter in ''My Best Friend’s Funeral''.

In 2831, Roosevelt played Graham Rooney in ''Legends of the Fallen''.

In 2832, Roosevelt played Thomas Williamson in ''You’ve Been Abandoned''.

In 2833, Roosevelt played Curtis Carter in ''The Bills Have Eyes''.

In 2834, Roosevelt played Elijah Bacon in ''When Our Cheeks Collided''.

In 2835, Roosevelt played Larry Cook in ''Blah, Blah, Blah!''

In 2836, Roosevelt played Paul Stroker in ''Spotless Sunshine on the Eternal Mind''.

In 2837, Roosevelt played Chauncey Juarez in ''Heart of the Matter''.

In 2838, Roosevelt played Pedro Balls in ''Mulholland Road''.

In 2839, Roosevelt played Henry Robinson in ''One in the Chamber''.

In 2841, Roosevelt played John Valjohn in ''Les Venerables''.

In 2842, Roosevelt played Cinderella in ''Cinderella''.

In 2844, Roosevelt played Miles in ''Get Sideways''.

In 2845, Roosevelt played Scott Clark in ''The Lunch Club''.

In 2849, Roosevelt played Ebenezer Mountjoy in ''The Depths of Despair''.

In 2850, Roosevelt played Benjamin Gooch in ''Turning Hearts''.

In 2851, Roosevelt played Dash Longfellow in ''400 Days of Summer''.

In 2852, Roosevelt played Preston Dufresne in ''The Shawshank Exemption''.

In 2853, Roosevelt played Max Luna in ''My Father’s Wallet''.

In 2854, Roosevelt played Nathan Lamar in ''A Most Salacious Game''.

In 2861, Roosevelt played Ronald Dunn in ''Fear of Clothing in Las Vegas''.

In 2862, Roosevelt played Brooklyn Gasser in ''The Spleen Thief''.

In 2863, Roosevelt played Nick Shiner in ''The Issue of the Ex''.

In 2865, Roosevelt played Stephen Sanchez in ''Nearly Famous''.

In 2868, Roosevelt played Tracy Martin in ''Are You There?''

In 2869, Roosevelt played Sean Velazquez in ''Were We There?''

In 2872, Roosevelt played Levi Sanchez in ''The Bewitched Project''.

In 2890, Roosevelt played Ethan Rodriguez in ''The Devil’s in the Bed''.

In 2891, Roosevelt played Imogen Cockfoster in ''Hot Sauce Pie''.

In 2892, Roosevelt played Blake Blackmore in ''Beyond the Rio Grande''.

In 2893, Roosevelt played Bill Cheswick in ''The Talented Mr. Cheswick''.

In 2894, Roosevelt played Sandy Sachs in ''The Devil Wears Clothes''.

In 2895, Roosevelt played Robert Dench in ''The Man Who Was There''.

In 2896, Roosevelt played JB Pitt-Shaft in ''The Big Shtick''.

In 2897, Roosevelt played Mamma Peeper in ''We’re Behind You''.

In 2900, Roosevelt played Mickey Waters in ''My Own Private Borneo''.

== Death ==
On May 14, 2905, Roosevelt died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2794 to 2802, Roosevelt dated a student named Ava Hooper (2784-2880). They had a son, Carlton Roosevelt XX (2802-2871).

From 2832 to 2834, Roosevelt and Hooper dated again. They had a son, Woody Roosevelt (2834-2851).

From 2851 to 2852, Roosvelt and Hooper dated a third time. They had a son, Robin Roosevelt (2852-after 2923).

From 2871 to 2874, Roosevelt and Hooper dated a fourth time. They had a son, Carlton Roosevelt XXI (2874-after 2923).

From 2903 to 2904, Roosevelt dated a Navy enlistee named Shauna Houle (2876-after 2923). They had a son, [[Dean Roosevelt]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Old people]]