'''Adrian Achen''' (June 16, 1918 - May 13, 1941) was a German World War Two veteran and an amateur engineer, being an undergraduate in the degree. 

==Early and personal life==
Achen was born on June 16, 1918 to Frieda Kong, a flight attendant, and Fritz Achen, a firefighter. He had a loving relationship with most of his family, especially the family dog, Jude. His stepfather, receptionost Trevor Phillips, never spent time with him. 

Achen was a high school and college wrestler, and a college drama student. He was eventually kicked out of the drama club and off the wrestling team due to his bad grades. 

In 1936, Achen started dating his best friend, Kadejah Hakim, a wedding planner. They dated for five years until Achen's death. 

==Military career and death==
Achen enlisted in the Marinestosstruppkompanie in 1940, at age 22. About a year later, on May 13, 1941, he accepted a deployment to a dangerous militant sector of Nepal, where he accidently detonated a mine, causing a seared ear, split lips, a severed fist and a charred nostril. Achen's death was 34 days short of his 23rd birthday. He was survived by his parents, his girlfriend and his two siblings, brother Friedrich and sister Katharina until their deaths, and is also survived by greater nephews. Achen was posthumously awarded a medal of honor. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Marines]]
[[Category:World War II veterans]]
[[Category:Engineers]]