Thomas Joseph Ford Sr. (January 3rd, 1868 - TBD) was an American lawyer, business man, politician, and part of the army for his retirement years.

{{Infobox_character_2|first_name=Thomas|last_name=Ford|birth_date=January 3rd, 1868|nationality=American|activities=Likes to walk, and read books.|family=Lindsey Ford † (His mother) Pete Ford † (His father) Henry Sack † (His stepfather) Daniella (His stepsister) Naoki † (His other stepsister) Kiera Mountjoy (Unknown status) (His ex-wife) Chester Ford (His First Son) Thomas Ford (His Second Son) Heather Ford (His first daughter) Rachel Ford (His Second daughter) Dick Ford † (His third son) Ben Ford (His last son)|father=Pete Ford † (died in 1902) got it wrong**|mother=Lindsey Ford † (died in 1916)|sibling=Daniella (stepsister), Naoki (died in 1949)|lover(s)=Kiera Mountjoy (Unknown status) (His ex-wife)|child(s)=Chester Ford (His First Son) Thomas Ford (His Second Son)Heather Ford (His first daughter) Rachel Ford (His Second daughter) Dick Ford † (His third son) Ben Ford (His last son)|finances=$401,289|total_assets=2}}


== Early life (1868-1886) ==
Thomas Joseph Ford was born on January 3rd, 1868 in Sacramento, United States. His mother, Lindsay ford, was a hairdresser. His father, Pete Ford owned a popular restaurant, "Pete's Diner" And they named him, after a special recipe. On a local news station, Pete said, Thomas was a planned pregnancy, at a local garden. At his early childhood years he was a prankster and a troublemaker. Nothing much happened during those years, except at age 5, his dog Speck died. Thomas started Smelley Elementary School in 1873. Over his early childhood years, he's been bullied by a kid  named Jude, in which he got punched in the face by, him. He punched Jude's stomach. but he missed. He got reported to the principals office, in which he got suspended for 4 days. At age 7, he got diagnosed with depression, and didn't want to get out of his room.  At age 9, he got cured of depression, but got a bad case of a cold.

At age 11, he started Payne Middle school, in 1879.  He joined the newspaper club. At age 13, everything changed his parents have gotten divorced, however he became secretary of his newspaper club. At age 14 his parents his mother married his new stepfather, Henry Sack, a 43 year old, travel agent. He has gotten two stepsisters, Daniella and Naoki.  Danielle has a alright relationship with Thomas, but with Naoki they both have beef with each other.  At age 16, he became treasurer of the journalism club. At age 17 he became president of the journalism club.

In 1886, Thomas graduated high school and decided to apply for college for Political science. He asked his parents to pay for tuition and they agreed. In 1890, Thomas graduated from college with an undergraduate degree in political science
{{Status|status=Deceased}}

== Upper-School (1886-1893) ==
in 1891, Thomas took out a student loan to get into law school. He wanted to become a lawyer. In 1892, A girl named Raphael asked if they could skip school. But Thomas refused he wanted to be a good student. In 1893 he graduated from Law school ready to get a job as a lawyer.
{{Infobox_character|education=Highschool at Prosperity Preparatory Highschool, College for Political science. Business School|sexuality=Straight|birthPlace=Sacramento, United States|deathPlace=Sacramento, United States|species=Human|gender=Male|height=5'9|weight=175 lb|eyes=green}}

== Law Career (1893-1907) ==
In 1893, he got hired as a junior associate. He worked, hard as a junior lawyer. Solving cases, even a famous case in 1894. In 1897 he got promoted to Associate.  In 1900, one of his clients were treating him poorly, so he gave 80% effort. He got promoted, to Junior Partner. He successfully, fought for 2 cases, in which one he lost unfortunately.  He finally, got promoted to partner in which he got a lot more cases, then the previous years.

He couldn't be with his family, due to hardworking year, he promised, to have vacations every year. During his law work, he wrote in his diary, he explained it was tough, stressful even he got migraines due to the stressful work. After his death in (TBD) his work and his diary has gotten famous. Selling in every state in the country, over 100,000$. 

Age 40 he retired, from being a lawyer, after working their for some quite time. he realized, that he wanted to open a business, to get more money for his political dreams.


== Business Career ==
in 1909, he started a business at a giftshop calling it the "United States Gifts" He released a new product, the calendar. Unfortunately due to the hardness, he sold the business off for 363,000 to preserve, his political dream.


== Political Career ==

=== Director of Sacramento School Board (1915-1922)) ===
Thomas decided, to think what he should do in 1913. At 1915, he ran for school board. He treated his opponent with respect. He did fire dancing, to show people what he could do.  And won with 52%. He looked at the approval ratings, and noticed social issues was low, so He spread awareness, about, it, via public.Its reception was high, as people realized. He did a maniacal rally, to show his energy about the issues. In 1916 he alleviated public fears about education. A group of people supported him. In 1918, He reelected, for school board director, he won with 62%. he started his second term. in 1918, he alleviated public fears on the economy problem. Many people supported him. Over, the years of his job he helped public fears, of the problems going on with the city. In 1922, he retired from being a school board director to become a mayor.

=== Mayor of Sacramento (1922-1926) ===
In 1922, he became mayor of Sacramento, as he started his speeches, on issues with the environment.  After realizing he had not enough money, to reelect he decided, to retire early,


== Personal Life (1893-TBD) ==
in 1893, his father retired. in 1897, he started dating a girl named, Kiera Mountjoy. In 1900, Kiera and Thomas preposed. In 1901, his father passed away from suffering a bad stroke, Thomas planned his funeral, by burying and attending it. At 1902, they both had their wedding at a beach, and their honeymoon at Paris, France. At the same year Kiera got pregnant. In 1903, Kiera gave birth to a baby boy named "Chester Ford" Same year he developed Migraines. In 1906, Kiera got pregnant again. in 1906, Kiera gave birth to a baby boy named Thomas Ford Jr, articles said he was the most cutest baby ever. 

At 1910, Kiera gave birth to a baby girl named Heather. Then at 1912, His wife, Kiera gave birth to a baby girl, Rachel Ford. 1913, She got pregnant again, and at 1914 gave birth to Dick Ford.  1915 In, his wife, got pregnant again. Also in 1915, his mother passed away from old age. In 1916, She gave birth to a baby boy named Ben Ford. In 1919 his stepfather passed away from natural causes. In 1922, his daughter Heather got diagnosed with Epilepsy.

He couldn't afford, to pay Thomas Tuition due to being in Debt, there relation spiked a bit low.

== Later Life (1926-TBD) ==
At 1926, he decided, to continue his lawyer, job back as a partner. At 1927, he got a house with his wife, a charming bungalow.  At 1928, he started the mediaterrian diet. In 1932, his, client admitted he was guilty, so Thomas didn't put all of his effort in. In 1933, Thomas and Kiera, hung out at a beach, In 1935, Thomas got a turtle named Tim. In 1936, he quit his job as a lawyer, due to high stress.  In 1937, he decided, to help an opportunity, to give back, by donating to a cancer research Organization.  In 1938, he had dinner with his Son, Chester. When WW2 was getting gruesome,  In, 1940 Thomas became a soldier, but it got rejected from him being too old. in 1941, his son, Dick died, from getting shot and killed by a bystander in a bank robbery, Thomas attended the funeral. In the same year, his pet Turtle, Tim died, when his heating lamp broke, and his enclosure got too cold. In, 1942, Kiera wanted a divorce, and they went their separate ways.In 1944, a barber called him a dingleberry, Thomas who didn't take stuff too heartwarming, kicked him in the jaw, within the barber called the cops on him. He hired Clark & Associates to represent him in court. He has been conducted, for two years for assault and bribery. In 1946, he got out of prison after 2 years. In 1947, a businessman, offered 146,000 to become the CEO, of Capital Adult Nation, he accepted.1950, he got fired, from being a CEO.He drank a lot for his past couple years. 

== Death ==
Thomas Joseph Ford Jr. died on March 14th, 1956, while sleeping peacefully in his sleep at age 88. His funeral was attended, by his five children and four grandchildren.  And many of his co-workers, in the past, and even his opponent.  As a mayor, he was given, a state funeral. Where 556,192 came to honor him. The news said he was a dapper and strong young man. Rumors state that he once tried, eating tripe. He has a net worth of $401,289