Monica Morrison (née McCormick, 3337-3423) was an American-Mexican archaeologist, astronaut, and actor.

== Early life (3337-3362) ==
Morrison was born Monica McCormick in Dallas, Texas. Her parents were Omari Thiel and Zelda Stevens. She went to the University of Texas and graduated with a BS in Information Systems. She then went to the Southwest Center for Advanced Studies and graduated in 3362.

== Archaeology career (3362-3384) ==
In 3362, Morrison became an archaeologist for the University of Texas.

In 3380, Morrison’s father married [[Mary Joe Thiel]].

In 3384, Morrison retired.

== Astronautic career (3384-3389) ==
In 3384, Morrison began NASA training at Johnson Space Center in Houston.

In 3386, Morrison joined the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as a cadet. She went on her first research mission to the International Space Station via the Sagittarius IX.

In 3387, Morrison went on her first spacewalk to the Veronica III via the SS GalaxyTrek.

In 3389, Morrison was promoted to captain. She resigned less than a year later.

== Acting career (3391-3395) ==
In 3391, Morrison got her first acting job, as a meter maid in the film ''A Day at the Park'' (3392).

Morrison played All-Face in ''Ghosted Away'' (3393).

Morrison played Aretha Packard in the TV show ''Mesosphere'' from 3394 to 3395. In 3395, Morrison emigrated to Nogales, Sonora. 

== Death ==
In 3423, Morrison died of old age. Her funeral was held in Nogales.

== Relationships and children ==
From 3372 to 3384, Morrison was married to an officer in the United States Navy named Caden Morrison (3298-after 3408). She changed her last name to Morrison after marrying him.

From 3384 to 3395, Morrison dated an astronaut trainee named Logan Young (3330-after 3408). They adopted a boy named Jason Morrison (né Grossweiner, 3382-3465, adopted 3384).

In 3395, Morrison adopted a girl named [[Estrella Morrison]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]
[[Category:Actors]]