'''James Marshall Hackett''' (June 28, 1983 - May 13, 2024) was an American landscaper, camp counselor and serial killer. He had developed a lust for blood in his youth when he killed a bully at the age of six. In his teen hood, he served as a camp counsellor as a means of living out a camp-styled horror movie life. Hackett's official victim count is six, but speculation suggests that it is higher. 

==Life background==
Born in rural North Kill, Upstate New York, James grew up surrounded by nature. His mother, Heather Hackett (born 1960) is a retired police officer from the North Kill Police Department, and his father, Marshall Hackett (1948 - 2008) was a travel agent who claimed to be a Vietnam veteran, but there are no official records of his service. The family had a pet Labrador, Lefty (d. 1992). Marshall and Heather divorced in 1995. Heather married school admin Francis "Frank" Grace (1955 - 2004) in 1997, and Marshall married grocer Robin Justice (born 1978) in 1998. James had three siblings and two nephews: 
* Lynn (biological sister; born 1986) - Wedding planner for The Gomez Company 
** Tucker Morris (born 2015) - Elementary school student 
** Anthony Morris (born 2019) - Elementary school student 
* Amani (biological brother; 1991 - 2011) - University student and self-proclaimed social media "master" content creator 
* Hillary Grace (half-sister; born 1999) - Receptionist for Mountain Energy 
Frank died in 2004 after being mauled by a doberman pincher, around the same time that Marshall and Robin divorced. Amani was killed during his sophomore year of college in a performance of the Running of the Bulls in Spain, where he was attending a class trip. He vlogged the experience on YouTube, where it went semi-viral. 

From an early age, Hackett wanted to work in a career where he would continue to be connected with mother nature. He played baseball in middle school and was also a member of the photography and recycling clubs. He joined the swim team in high school, as well as the fishing and art clubs. Hackett later quit the art club so he could have more time to take on a summer job as a camp counselor at Hackett's Quarry, where he began working at the age of 16. He graduated from high school in 2001. 

After spending the summer of 2001 at Hackett's Quarry and witnessing the 9/11 attacks, James initially expressed interest to enlist in the military to contribute to the War on Terror, but his mother discouraged him from joining. After a brief stint as a male stripper, Hackett got a job as a fisherman, which he worked for a year. Between 2002 and 2003, he worked as a male stripper again. At long last, in 2003, Hackett found work as a landscaper, his dream job, accepting an apprenticeship from The Affleck Company. Subsequently, he resigned from his job as a camp counselor. Hackett's apprenticeship lasted for two years until he received his promotion to the official title in 2005. Over the course of seventeen years, he worked at Affleck and three other companies, including Nashton & Sons from 2011 to 2014, Stone of North Kill from 2016 to 2018, and briefly for Genovese Media in 2020, between his last prison escape and last re-capture. 

Despite expressing his desires to start his own family, Hackett never married or had any of his own children. Regardless, he was a loving and caring uncle to his nephews. 

===Extended family tree===
* Septimus Hacket (ancestor) - Quarry Master of Hackett's Quarry during the 1930s 
** Jedediah "Jed" Hackett (relative; born August 25, 1940) - Hunter 
** Constance Hackett (relative; born 1943) - Hunter; Jed's wife 
*** Travis Hackett (relative; born July 7, 1965) - Law enforcement officer; Sherrif of North Kill Police Department; Jed and Constance's eldest son 
*** Chris Hackett (relative; born 1973) - Camp official; Operator of Hackett's Quarry; Jed and Constance's middle son; Werewolf 
**** Amelia Hackett (relative) - Deceased wife of Chris Hackett 
***** Caleb Hackett (relative/possible cousin; born 1995) - Occupation unknown; Werewolf; Chris and Amelia's son 
***** Kaylee Hackett (relative/possible cousin; 1999 - August 22, 2021) - College student; Werewolf; killed by silver bullet; Chris and Amelia's daughter 
*** Bobby Hackett (relative; born 1976) - Hunter and former soldier in the Army or Marine Corps; Jed and Constance's youngest son

==Murders==
When he was six years old in 1989, Hackett was frequently bullied by a classmate named Chip, who would often steal his things and abuse him physically and verbally. Eventually, after exhausting the option of reporting Chip's behavior to his parents and teachers to no avail, he grew tired of being tormented. One day, during another one of Chip's usual antics, Hackett lunged at him bit his throat, and then gave him a shot to the gullet. When he was done, James ran away from the scene. Chip was eventually recovered by medical services, but he ultimately died from his injuries. Hackett would keep quiet about his involvement, and his family would not find out about it until his conviction. From that moment on, James developed a lust for blood that he would use for the purpose of killing anyone he deemed an enemy to the environment and others, as much as himself. 

Despite his adrenaline kick, Hackett would not commit another murder for nearly 20 years. Then one summer day in 2008, he found himself being annoyed by a Reddit troll. After digging around the user's personal background, Hackett self-determined that the troll "had to go." Hackett tracked the user down and threw an electric toaster in his bathtub, electrocuting him to death. The next year, he found a junkie who was reportedly loitering around the local woods. Hackett noticed her antics and considered them as sinful to mother nature, thus deciding to spike her iced tea with antifreeze. After the victim's autopsy revealed DNA samples of James' blood, police eventually apprehended him. Shortly after his arrest, his past two murders were revealed, with the killing of Chip being the most shocking to his family, since he had kept it from them for twenty years. Hackett unsuccessfully tried to bribe the authorities with $1,500; they took the money but still arrested him, adding bribery to the charges. Unable to afford a proper attorney, James hired a public defender and pleaded not guilty. The trial lasted from the end of the summer to the beginning of the holiday season between the end of November and beginning of December. Hackett was found guilty of the murdered and sentenced to death by electric chair. He began serving his sentence at Lugo Penitentiary. Within the next months, Hackett began plotting his escape. 

In 2010, Hackett set his plan into motion. He staged a conflict with other prisoners in the yard, which got physical and ended up starting a riot. Hackett took several beatings from the guards, including a flattened larynx, ripped spleen, and bite to the brain. Eventually, after getting the guards caught up in the scuttle of the fight, he escaped from the complex. He spent the next few years lying low, even working as a landscaper again. 

Hackett's next kill took place in 2013, where he pushed a pickpocket off a cliff. He had a few confrontations with the thief and decided that his petty thievery made him a "waste of space" for the planet. A year after the murder, Hackett was captured by authorities after four years on the run and sent back to Lugo. However, he escaped again the following year. 

During his cooldown period between murders in 2017, Hakcett began committing several unsuccessful burglaries, the first being the house of a corrupt local politician. He then targeted a drug dealer's home, only to be caught by the dealer, who poked his patella and spanked his ankle. After successfully suing the dealer for assault and receiving $5,000 in damages, Hackett killed a crackhead by spiking his iced tea with antifreeze. 

A year after the crackhead murder, Hackett was caught in 2018 and returned to prison. He unsuccessfully tried to appeal his conviction with the help of Moore & Associates. In 2019, his execution date was postponed by five years. Having previously felt hopeless about escaping again, Hackett used the extension to his advantage, starting a riot that would weaken the security levels. This riot resulted in a fatality. In 2020, Hackett escaped once more, and he started to stay indoors slightly more frequently than usual due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The summer of that year would be the last summer of freedom for Hackett, and he spent it swimming in the lakes of the camps he counseled at all those years ago, feeling a nostalgic rush. 

At the beginning of fall 2020, Hackett killed his sixth and final victim, a female redneck that made him uncomfortable and appeared "evil-looking" to him. He lured her into the woods and beat her to death with a stick. Afterwards, Hackett was recaptured for the final time and sent back to death row. Security measures were upgraded to the point where escape would be impossible. He attempted to escape in 2021, but ended up turning himself in, feeling discouraged by the increased security and a sense of dread relating to the realization that, no matter what he did, he could never escape the consequences of his actions, even if they were done with good intentions. 

In his final years, Hackett became somewhat of a model prisoner. He started a group of supernatural enthusiasts, such as believers in werewolves, some of which even claimed to be werewolves themselves. James frequently wrote to his mother, sisters, and nephews, wishing them well and to follow their dreams. He got a holiday card from his mother in 2023, only to have it confiscated by the guards.

Hackett was executed by lethal injection on May 13, 2024. Despite everything that had happened, his family still attended his funeral services. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Serial killers]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Wasteful]]
[[Category:Landscapers]]