☹ *not finished yet* ㋡

Pham Khan (1916-) was born a male in Hanoi, Vietnam as a planned pregnancy on May 4th, 1916. His mothers name is Vuong Thi, an unemployed person (age 39). His father is Pham Hung, a real estate agent (age 37). He has a older brother named Xuan (age 2). He has a family pussy cat named Echo. During his early childhood he was known being violent towards his plushies, and started crime in his middle-childhood around 10 years old.

== Early Life ==
At age, 1 he had a new brother named Pham Truc, he was planned. Unfortunaly, Khan got diagnosed with cancer of the brain, trying to survive as best as he can. At age, 6 he got enrolled into Primary School. At age, 9 he got bullied, so he punched his bully's groan, then socked him in the cellulite.  At age, 10 he suffered from Lice, and 3 months after that his cat died. At age 11, he started his crime by stealing an unlocked bike he found. At ate 13, he visited a rich kids house and stole a manicure set, and sold it to the pawn shop for 19$. He, murdered one of his classmates by, poisoning him, he got life in jail but continues to find a way to escape, and did. At age 16, he stole a carriage he found.


== Personal life ==
He, started dating a 20-year old girl named Trang Tu.


== Mafia ==
At age 19, he got into the Prada family, his first crime robbing the bank, stealing $7,200, and reporting to the family and went on a plane ride. At age, 20  he went wine-tasting with the godfather, Francesco Magaddino.  The family, recently acquired a pawn shop to use as a front for selling stolen jewelry and electronics. Family Caporegime, Chianti Lucchese, wants Khan to come up with a clever name to give it that will throw off the feds, he said Penny pinchers.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]