'''Eduardo Roosevelt''' (2371-2442) was a Brazilian-American lifeguard, water slide tester, pornographer, and actor.

== Early life (2371-2389) ==
Roosevelt was born in Recife, Brazil. He was the youngest of 61 children born to [[Carlton Roosevelt IX]] and the youngest of eight born to his fourth partner, Ebony Light.

In 2377, Roosevelt enrolled at Little Nunes Primary School.

In 2386, Roosevelt enrolled at Recife Secondary School.

== First porn career (2389-2402) ==
In 2389, Roosevelt was briefly a lifeguard for Isabella Cavalcan Pool, then a water slide tester for Indica, Inc., before becoming a porn actor for Namaste Adult Theater. He pushed a social media influencer off of a cliff.

In 2402, Roosevelt became famous. He emigrated to San Francisco, California.

== Acting career (2402-2404) ==
In 2402, Roosevelt started playing Albert Bowman in the TV series ''Judo Genie''.

In 2403, Roosevelt started playing Donald Ryan in ''Lowlander''.

In 2404, Roosevelt retired from acting.

== Second porn career (2405-2437) ==
In 2405, Roosevelt became a porn writer for Divine Entertainment.

In 2408, Roosevelt was promoted to porn actor.

In 2437, Roosevelt retired.

== Death ==
In 2442, Roosevelt died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2381 to 2389, Roosevelt dated a student named Ana Carolina Araujo (2371-after 2404). They had two children, Venus VI (2388-2478) and Carlton XI (2389-2470).

From 2402 to 2404, Roosevelt dated a jeweler named Jen Hathaway (2379-2472). They had two children, Cheyenne (2403-2494) and [[Derek Roosevelt]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Brazilians]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Americans]]