Amelia Jones (b. 2041) was a famous Australian actress and singer.

== Early life (2041-2058) ==
Jones was born in Adelaide, South Australia in 2041. Her father was [[Chase Jones]].

From 2051 to 2058, she dated Jack Miller (2041-2128). In 2058, they had a son named Kobe (d. 2139).

== Acting (first career, 2059-2073) ==
In 2059, Jones graduated high school. She briefly worked as a roadkill remover for Davies of Adelaide before she began playing Mikayla Fisher in ''Medieval Memoirs''. She created her YouTube channel.

In 2062, ''Medieval Memoirs'' was cancelled. Jones played Michelle Pratt in ''How to Get Away with Reading''.

In 2063, Jones wrote the book ''Uncovered'', to mixed reviews.

In 2069, ''How to Get Away with Reading'' was cancelled. Jones played Mercy Hopkins in ''Tailors Who Shear''.

In 2072, Jones uploaded a video of her completing the 100 baby challenge in BitLife. It went viral on YouTube, with over 3 million views.

== Music (2074-2122) ==
In 2074, ''Tailors Who Shear'' was cancelled. Jones signed as a worship singer with Back Door Entertainment. She released her first album, and would continue releasing albums into the 22nd century.

She released her last album in 2116, and went on her last world tour in 2120.

== Acting (second career, 2123-present) ==
In 2123, she was released by Back Door Entertainment. She played Layla Rooney in ''The Sight of Cinema'', for which she won her first award, for Best Supporting Actress. She would continue playing film roles every year until 2128, when she started playing Ned Mosley in ''How I Met Your Brother''.

In 2128, she married, and then killed, Jacob Jones (né Hall-Gordon, 2105-2128). He had a daughter named Aspen Hall-Gordon (b. 2123).

== Filmography ==

=== Film ===
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Film title 
!Role
!Year
|-
|The Sight of Cinema
|Layla Rooney
|2124
|-
|Carolyn Irvine’s Diary
|Carolyn
|2125
|-
|Stairway to the Stars
|Briona Buck
|2126
|-
|Angels in the Penalty Box
|Mikayla Holyfield
|2127
|}

=== Television ===
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Series title
!Role
!Years
!Notes
|-
|Medieval Memoirs
|Mikayla Fisher
|2059-2062
|
|-
|How to Get Away with Reading
|Michelle Pratt
|2062-2069
|Seasons 5-11
|-
|Tailors Who Shear
|Mercy Hopkins
|2069-2074
|Seasons 7-11
|-
|How I Met Your Brother
|Ned Mosley
|2128-present
|Season 5 onwards
|}

=== Awards ===
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Award
!Role
!Film
!Year
!Result 
|-
|Silver Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress
|Layla Rooney
|The Sight of Cinema
|2124
|Won
|-
|Silver Globe Award for Best Actress
|Carolyn
|Carolyn Irvine’s Diary
|2125
|Nominated
|}

== Bibliography ==
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Title 
!Year
|-
|Uncovered
|2063
|}

== Discography ==

=== Studio albums ===
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Album title 
!Year
!Lead-off track
!Additional tracks
!Featured artist
!Certification
|-
|Watching from On High
|2074
|All the Divine I Need
|
|
|
|-
|Flatbush Mashed Potato 
|2075
|Fiery All-Powerful Applause
|Tower to Paradise
|
|
|-
|The Power Inhales You
|2076
|Stairway to Utopia
|
|
|
|-
|He Came In Ready
|2077
|Nun for You
|
|
|Gold (2081)
|-
|Four Poles
|2080
|All the Presence I Crave
|
|
|Gold (2082)
|-
|He Fills Me Up
|2082
|He’s Inside You
|
|
|
|-
|Love is Firm
|2085
|Love is a Location in Australia
|
|
|
|-
|How Spectacular Thou Aren’t
|2088
|Money Can’t Buy You Paradise, But It Sure Helps
|
|Jim Carrey
|
|-
|Prophet of Tomorrows
|2091
|A Cathedral Is Not His Dwelling
|
|
|Gold (2093)
|-
|He Will Clutch Me Taught
|2094
|He’s Inside Me
|
|
|Gold (2095)
|-
|The Open Lotus
|2097
|Recordkeepers of Nirvana
|
|
|Gold (2100)
|-
|Neon Church
|2099
|Cryin’ for Zion
|
|
|
|-
|Laid for Me
|2104
|The Whole in Me
|
|
|
|-
|Love is Conditional
|2108
|He Blows My Mind Apart
|
|
|
|-
|Remedy Songs
|2114
|Pillar to Utopia
|
|
|
|-
|Just As I Ram
|2116
|He’s Inside Me 2
|
|
|
|}

=== Tours ===
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Year
!Length (weeks)
!Nations
|-
|2077
|3
|Australia, New Zealand
|-
|2081
|3
|Australia, New Zealand, Romania
|-
|2084
|5
|Australia, New Zealand, Serbia
|-
|2087
|5
|Australia, Georgia, Hong Kong
|-
|2090
|5
|Aruba, Australia, New Zealand
|-
|2092
|4
|Australia, Ethiopia, New Zealand
|-
|2095
|4
|Australia, Croatia, New Zealand
|-
|2098
|5
|Argentina, Australia, Guyana
|-
|2101
|5
|Australia, Djibouti, Egypt 
|-
|2102
|8
|Australia, Belgium, Spain
|-
|2105
|4
|Australia, Iraq, Syria
|-
|2106
|5
|Australia, Papua New Guinea, Samoa
|-
|2107
|4
|Australia, Papua New Guinea, Samoa
|-
|2110
|4
|Australia, New Zealand, Russia
|-
|2111
|6
|Australia, Djibouti, South Korea
|-
|2116
|3
|Australia, Hungary, Sweden
|-
|2117
|4
|Australia, Haiti, New Zealand
|-
|2120
|5
|Australia, New Zealand, Switzerland
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Australians]]