{{infobox character
 | name         = Justin Brucks 
 | image        = Screenshot 20241104 215028 BitLife.jpg|thumb 
 | imagecaption = Brucks in 2024 
 | aliases      = JB<br>Bruckster 
 | relatives    = Fabian Brucks (father)<br>Ciara Brucks (mother)<br>Daniel Brucks (brother)<br>Cruella Recht (wife)<br>Miranda (daughter)<br>Darell (son)<br>George (son)<br>Latrell (son) 
 | affiliation  = NASA<br>US Space Force<br>US Air Force (formerly)<br>NBA (formerly) 
 | marital      = Married 
 | birthDate    = November 19 
 | birthPlace   = Cleveland, Ohio 
 | deathDate    = 
 | deathPlace   = 
 | deathCause   = 
 | species      = Human 
 | gender       = Male 
 | height       = At least 6 ft. 
 | weight       = Average 
 | eyes         = Blue 
}} 

''WIP''

'''Justin Brucks''' (born November 19, TBD) is an American astronaut, Space Force pilot, former Air Force fighter pilot and former professional basketball player. He played in the NBA for three years, winning several awards and helping his team to win many games, even a championship or two. After his early retirement from basketball, he served in the Air Force for two years before attending the Space Academy, after which he became a Space Force pilot and eventually an astronaut for NASA. 

==Early life and education==
Justin was born in Cleveland, Ohio. His father, Fabian Brucks, is a photographer, and his mother, Ciara Brucks, is a senior enlisted fighter pilot in the United States Air Force. He has an older brother, Daniel, a policy analyst, and also had a pet cat named Brian (d. age 14). 

Buckles had a passion for both sports and space in his youth. He first went to space camp at the age of eleven during his first year of middle school, which was also when he started playing basketball. He also played basketball in high school and played very well, becoming captain. After graduating from high school, he enrolled in Cleveland State University, Class of (TBD), joining the Vikings basketball team. He showed great skill and sportsmanship, leading the team to many victories. Brucks graduated from CSU with high honors and many athletic awards.

==Career==
===NBA===
Upon graduation from CSU, Brucks became eligible for the (TBD year) NBA draft.

===Air and Space Forces===
After retiring from the NBA, Brucks joined the Air Force as a starting second lieutenant. 

... 

In (TBD year), Brucks received his discharge from the Air Force. Shortly afterwards, he joined the Space Force.

===NASA===
Brucks graduated from the academy in (TBD). He was subsequently hired by NASA.

==Personal life==
Brucks married his childhood sweetheart, Cruella Recht, a grocer and practicing media personality. They have four children together, including Miranda, Darell, George, and Latrell. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]] 
[[Category:Americans]] 
[[Category:Astronauts]] 
[[Category:Pilots]] 
[[Category:Soldiers]] 
[[Category:Athletes]]