'''Lucas Petterson''' (3974-after 4037) was a Swedish politician, teacher, travel agent, and butcher.

== Early life (3974-3996) ==
Petterson was born in Malmö, Sweden. He was the only child of [[Addison Albano II]] and her ex-boyfriend Oliver Petterson. 

In 3992, Petterson graduated from Malmö Secondary School. He enrolled at Malmö University Faculty of Education and Society and graduated in 3996 with a BS in Education. 

== Careers (3996-4036) ==
In 3996, Petterson ran for election to the Malmö School Board. He beat Leo Lindgren and was inaugurated.

In 4000, Petterson ran for Mayor of Malmö Municipality as a Social Democrat. He beat Democratic candidate Filip Lundgren and was inaugurated on July 2, 4001.

In 4004, Petterson ran for a second term on the Malmö School Board. He beat Alfred Anderberg and was inaugurated.

In 4008, Petterson ran for a second term as Mayor of Malmö Municipality. He beat Democratic candidate Marcus Andersson and was inaugurated on July 1, 4009.

In 4012, Petterson ran for a third term on the Malmö School Board. He beat Alvin Anderberg and was inaugurated.

In 4015, Petterson gave his mobile home to his girlfriend. He attempted to rob Malmö Credit Union while disguised as Mrs. Doubtfire, but was arrested. He bribed the police and was let go. He attempted to kill a deaf man by pulling his underwear over his face, but failed and was attacked by the deaf man. He gave $10,000 to his father. He went to the salon and used the tanning bed.

In 4016, Petterson emigrated to Istanbul, Turkey. He became a teacher for Istanbul Public Schools, where he befriended Ismail Aydin (3939-4020) and Meryem Gulen (3983-4024). He became a travel associate for Jubilee Travel, where he befriended Buglem Ates (3943-4028), Irem Pasha (3956-after 4036), Servet Turan (3963-after 4036), Mustafa Demir (3967-4035), and Hira Mehmet (3979-after 4036). He became an apprentice butcher for Aydinlar Foods, where he befriended Eren Pasha (3940-4018), Enver Tarhan (3945-4023), and Berat Demir (3991-after 4036). He ran for Mayor of Istanbul as a member of the Republican People’s Party, but lost to Worker’s Party candidate Eslem Karan. He emigrated back to Malmö and ran for a fourth term on the Malmö School Board. He beat Theo Berggren and was inaugurated.

In 4020, Petterson ran for a fifth term and beat Lilly Jakobsson.

In 4022, Petterson taxidermied his parakeet, Rio (4012-4022).

In 4024, Petterson ran for a sixth term and beat Elvira Jansson.

In 4028, Petterson ran for a seventh term and beat Filip Ekdahl.

In 4032, Petterson ran for an eighth term and beat Filip Laaba.

In 4036, Petterson did not run for a ninth term. He left office after his son was elected.

Petterson was alive in 4037, but his death date is unknown.

== Relationships and children ==
In 3990, Petterson started dating a Puerto Rican-born student named Eva Camacho (3974-after 4037). They had three children, Matilda I (3991-after 4037), Isabella I (3992-after 4037), and [[Esteban Petterson]]. After Camacho became a teacher in 3997, he married her. They divorced in 4010.

In 4001, Petterson had five extramarital affairs with a university professor named Ebbe Lindgren (3957-after 4036).

In 4010, Petterson started dating a grocer named Elin Hanson (3953-after 4036). They briefly had an adopted son named Marcus Petterson (né Svensson, 4014-after 4015, adopted 4015), who was put up for adoption.
[[Category:Swedish]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Teachers]]