'''Anthony Greg Harvey''' (December 5, 1974 - July 24, 2021) was an United States Army officer posthumously awarded a medal of honor. 

== Early Life ==
Anthony Greg Harvey was born 5 December 1974 in Washington. He was a good student as a child and his dream was to join the army. At the age of 18, he graduated from high school and entered an officer school. 

== Military Career ==
In 1996 he joined the army as an officer. The following year he was promoted to lieutenant. On March 3, 2003, his five-year-old daughter Mavis died of complications from whooping cough. For this reason Anthony retired from the army and was honorably discharged in the same year. After a break of several months, in 2004 he returned to the army and took up a position in a military base in Washington. He developed a vr ambush module for his 2008 platoon unveiled at the next year's military show. At the end of 2014, he was promoted to major. In 2015, together with Major Nix, he prepared an important report on the rebellion in Iraq. In 2019 he was transferred to the Pentagon to manage the department. Soon after, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel.

== Death ==
On July 7, 2021, Anthony Harvey accepted deployment in an unstable war zone in Thailand. 

On July 24, while commanding a group of soldiers trying to reach the rebels, he was attacked by Thai enemy soldiers. He was shot in the chest after a short shooting.  An official funeral with military honors was held in Washington. The funeral was held on August 1, 2021. 

== Dates of rank ==
* Second Lieutenant (1996)  
* Lieutenant (1997)  
* Captain (2000)  
* Major (2014)
* Lieutenant Colonel (2020)

== Personal Life ==
Anthony Harvey had been married to Chloe Urban Harvey since 2005. He had two children, Vernon (born 2007) and Mary Grace (born 2012). 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Iraq War veterans]]