Saitama Kiryu (1914-) was born on July 22, 1914 to just a single mother, Ahmya Kiryu, a receptionist (age 19). He had no father and lived a sad childhood. He always wanted to start a cult, he would command others to do as he said, and they did what he told until he was an adult.

== Early life ==
At age 1, his mom married his new stepfather Shigeru Noguchi, a 24-year old receptionist. At age 3, he got a new baby sister named Rinko (a future member of the cult)  At age 6 he started St. Yukos Elementary School, a private school.  At age 9, due to his stepfathers behavior his mother divorced her. 14, as he was a somewhat bad kid he decided to skip school. At age 15, his mother gave birth to a baby girl named Aiya. He, also started dating a girl named Riko Miyamoto. At age, 18 he graduated highschool and started getting a part time job to make his cult.


== Personal life ==
At, age 18 he started a part-time job as a chicken s3x3r, friends say it was a weird job but it was the only normalized job they got. Age 18, he needed a bit more money so he quit his job and got a job as a apprentice baker His girlfriend broke up with her, and he started dating a new girl named Chiasa Noguchi, a 18 year old. Around that age he was only to start a cult at a hermitage called Saitamaism, and established some laws, saying "Only eat bugs for protein, No intimacy with non-followers and no viewing of p0rngr@phy" He changed his honorific to Papa Kiryu. At age 25, he got attacked by a thug so he called the cops, and got him arrested. At age, 27 he tried rescuing a lamb, he also broke up with his girlfriend to be with Aymui Haruada. His mother joined the cult at age 28, and his girlfriend. He got arrested, but later escaped at age 29. Due to her breaking the rules, At 32 he killed his girlfriend, but got pulled over by the cops but he ran from the cops. At age 33, he started dating a girl named Teruko Miura, she also was a loyal member. At age 36, he screamed randomly at a working girl. Around that age Saitma got Teruko pregnant, and his girlfriend gave birth to twins, Hiroyuki and hayato At age 39, he got her pregnant again, and gave birth to a baby girl name Natsuki. At age 41, he went to the black market and got a scythe, and a topez. Him, and his girlfriend broke up at age 48. At the age of 55, he got cancer of the prostate


== Cult life ==
He tried promoting his cult, but got arrested, And got put into jail, but managed to get out of prison. While he was speaking with a group of followers, one of them ask what he can do to make the commune feel like more like family, he suggested to be a team player. He led his cult for many years, after that hard work from the betray. Around age, 43 his ex-commune attacked him after Saitama attacked him first. He got so tired of him, but got arrested.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Cult Leaders]]