'''Giuseppe Angelo''' (March 13, 1933 - October 13, 2000) was the Godfather of the Icardi crime family from 1975 until his death in 2000. He was very prominent from the mid-1970s and was very influential in the field of organized crime. Angelo was also a maternal descendant of [[Caroline Grantshire, Marchioness of Winchester]]. 
== Early life ==
Giuseppe Angelo was born on March 13, 1933 in Jersey City, New Jersey. His father [[Joseph Angelo]] (29) was the owner of a restaurant. His mother Claudia Angelo (21)  was a housewife.

At age 4, Claudia gave birth to Maria Angelo, Giuseppe's sister. 

At age 8, Joseph sold his restaurant and Giuseppe and his family moved to Harlem, New York City, New York. 

On December 7, 1941, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii is attacked by the Japanese Navy Air Service. This prompts America into fighting World War II. Among those being called to fight are Joseph and at least one of Giuseppe's uncles. It is unknown if they served or not, due to missing records. 

Ay age 11, Giuseppe was caught stealing $3 (about $50 in today's money) from his father's wallet. 

At age 13, Giuseppe joined his local street gang of four oher boys. Later that year Giuseppe and four other boys robbed a 77 year old woman. Giuseppe earned $13 (about $195 in today's money) from the robbery. 

At age 15, Giuseppe's gang committed seven robberies over seven months. Giuseppe earned about $72 ( about $873 in today's money) from all the roberies.

At age 16, Giuseppe earned $128 (about $1,572 in today's money) from fourteen robberies over eight monts. 

At age 17, Giuseppe earns $12 (about $146 in today's money) over two roberries in three weeks. Giuseppe and his gang are caught and arrested during a third robbery. Each member was sentenced to two years in jail. This took place after Giuseppe's high school graduation, and he was not concerned with the timing of his arrest. 

At age 18, Giuseppe was released on parole after serving only one year.  Giuseppe is hired by a clothing store making $.75 (about $8 in today's money an hour. Giuseppe's father kicks his son out of his house due to his criminal record. His mother smuggled him $200 (about $2,248 in today's money) before he leaves which is enough to save him from homelessness.

== Life in the Mafia ==
In 1952, Giuseppe was offered a position in the Icardi crime family. He agrees an becomes an associate. Giuseppe earns $72,000 for the Icardi family and makes $7,200 for himself while maintaining his job at the clothing store. Claudia smuggles Giuseppe $850.

In 1953 Giueppe quits his job. Three weeks later he robs $1,046,728 from it. From his endeavors he earned $104,672.80. Giuseppe buys a 4 bedroom 3 bathroom house in Manhattan. Giuseppe also pays back his mother all her money and tells her the money came from a succesful investment.

On October 24, 1954, Giuseppe was promoted to soldier. He makes $122,786 for the Icardi crime family.

In 1955 Giuseepe's sister Maria leaves to college.

On July 30, the Space Race between America and the USSR begins. On November 1, the Vietnam War begins. Guiseppe had been barred from military service due to his criminal record, and was thus exempted from the draft. 

In 1956, Giovanni Tribbiani, the Godfather of the Icardi crime family passed away at the age of 72. Luca Espolito becomes the Godfather.

In 1957 Giuseppe broke into his father and mother's home in the night. He kills his father without his mother knowing. Having been cut out of his father's will. Maria and Claudia inherit from her father. After is father's death Maria and Claudia welcome Giuseppe back into the family unaware of his Mafia ties.

In 1959 Giuseppe was involved in a scheme to steal 17 Bentley cars. After being sold and contributing his portion Giuseppe earns $567,780. After getting insider trading information Giuseppe spends $200,000 on various stocks.

In 1960 Giuseppe's insider trading proves successful and he earns a total return of $3,600,500 of of his investments.

In 1962 Giuseppe was promoted to Caporegime. Giuseppe is tasked with killing a man who swindled over $12,000,000 from the Icardi family. After finishing the job he  was invited to party with the Godfather  on his private yacht. He is gifted a Rolex watch and $350,000. Giuseppe attends his sister's wedding to [[Andrew Grantshire (lawyer)|Andrew Grantshire]] (born c. 1935), a lawyer who was [[Caroline Grantshire, Marchioness of Winchester]]'s fourth great grandson. 

On November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy is assassinated by ex-marine Lee Harvey Oswald. 

In 1964 Giuseppe meets Lydia Francesco (age 25) the daughter of an Italian businessman. They begin dating. 

In 1965 Giuseppe attempts to rob a Manhattan bank but is arrested while escaping. Giuseppe pays the police officer a bribe of $1,650,000 and escapes.

In 1966 Giuseppe marries Lydia in a church ceremony. Lydia changes her name to Lydia Angelo. They honeymoon on a cruise ship.

In 1967 Nicholas Angelo is born to Giuseppe and Lydia. An informant is revealed among the Icardi family which leaves 28 men arrested including Giuseppe arrested faced with life in prison Giuseppe bribes the judge $6,500,000 to rule him innocent. After he is ruled innocent he is tasked with killing the informant who lives in the Australian outback. Giuseppe completes the hit. 

In 1969 Giuseppe and Lydia welcome Claudia Angelo into the world. Named after Giuseppe's mother. Giuseppe is tasked with another hit.

In 1970 Giuseppe welcomes Joseph Angelo into the world. Giuseppe is tasked with intimidating a man who owes the Godfather money.

In 1972 Luca Espolito promoted Giuseppe to Underboss after declaring that his health is declining.

In 1973 Giuseppe earns $11,900,000 from insider trading. 

In 1975 Luca Espolito died at the age of 62. Giuseppe Angelo is promoted to Godfather at age 42 after 23 years in the Mafia. 

On April 30, the Vietnam War ends. On July 17, the Space Race ends after nearly 20 years.

== Being the Godfather ==
In 1976 Giuseppe found he was earning much more money than usual with a net worth of $26,000,000. He buys a villa in Florence, Italy. As well as a 7 million dollar house in the Hamotons to be his primary residence.

In 1977 Giuseppe bought a yacht for $12,000,000. An informant is exposed in the Icardi family Giuseppe has the man executed by a Caporegime.

In 1978 Giuseppe is arrested on federal charges and is again facing life in prison. Giusppe offers the judge $15,000,000. After he rejects the offer Giuseppe is sentenced to life in prison. After three weeks Giuseppe is broken out and sent to live in New Zealand while his Underboss handles the Icardi family. Giuseppe buys a 4 bedroom cottage with cash. And sends for his family after two months.

In 1981 after three years in hiding Giuseppe's Underboss bribed the New York State governor with $50,000,000 getting his charges dropped. Giuseppe and his family return to New York City where he continues running the Icardi family. 

In 1982 Giuseppe is sentenced to a year in prison for tax fraud.

In 1983 Giuseppe was released. He celebrates his 50th birthday.

In 1985 Giuseppe has his son, Nicholas made an associate.

In 1986 six members of the family were revealed to be informants. Giuseppe has all six executed.

In 1987 Claudia Angelo leaves home for college.

In 1988 Giuseppe's net worth was estimated at $31,000,000 after a series of insider trading. Joseph leaves home for college.

In 1989 Giuseppe makes Nicholas a soldier.

In 1990 Giuseppe has a hit put out on a rival crime family's Godfather. This increases the notoriety of the Icardi's

In 1991 Claudia graduated college and began a job as an accountant. Giuseppe creates his will. His will states that his wealth be divided among his wife and children. Nicholas would inherit his house. Joseph would inherit Giuseppe's collection of 27 cars. And Claudia would inherit Giuseppe's 42 paintings which furnished his houses, as well as her namesake's jewelry. He leaves his house in Florence to Giuseppe II. His yacht to Daniel. And his watches to Cameron. He included a clause that his wife would forfeit her inheritance if she remarried.

In 1992 Joseph Angelo graduates college. He then married Caroline Smith. She changed her name to Caroline Angelo.

In 1993 Giuseppe celebrates his 60th birthday.

In 1994 Giuseppe Angelo participates in insider trading and makes $10,000,000. Giuseppe Angelo II is born to Joseph and Caroline. Giuseppe makes Nicholas a Caporegime.

In 1995 twins, daughter Aurielle and son Cameron Angelo were born to Joseph and Caroline. Claudia becomes engaged to William Jefferson.

In 1996 Claudia and William married. Joseph and Caroline welcome Luca Angelo.

In 1997 Nicholas was promoted to Underboss. 

In 1998 Claudia gives birth to Daniel Angelo. In October Giuseppe's mother, Claudia passed away at age 84.

In 1999 Nicholas married Evangeline Reggiani.

== Death and Legacy ==
On October 13, 2000 (a Friday), an unlucky Giuseppe was shot dead while eating with his wife in a restaurant at the age of 67 by a rival crime family.His wife was not wounded. His funeral was held on October 17. His will was executed and his son, Nicholas became the Godfather.  Giuseppe's net worth at the time of deatwas $86,000,000. His death was mourned by the entire Icardi family. In 2001, Nicholas had his one and only son Ethan Angelo. In 2016 his wife Lydia Angelo remarried Mark Aldridge. She hanged her name to Lydia Aldridge and moved to the Florida Keys. Per the will she forfeited the remainder of her inheritance.




[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]