'''Sonny Cross II''' (3006-3083) was a French veteran and alternative singer.

== Early life (3006-3024) ==
Cross was born in Lyon, France. Zie was the younger of two brothers born to [[James Cross II]]. Zie was named for zir 16x great-uncle.

== Military career (3025-3037) ==
In 3025, Cross enlisted in the French Air and Space Force as an ''aviateur seconde classe'', equivalent to an airman basic.

In 3026, Cross was promoted to ''aviateur premiere classe'', or airman.

In 3028, Cross was promoted to ''caporal'', or airman first class.

In 3030, Cross was promoted to ''caporal-chef'', or senior airman.

In 3032, Cross was promoted to ''sergent'', or staff sergeant.

In 3034, Cross was promoted to ''sergent-chef'', or technical sergeant.

In 3037, Cross was honorably discharged.

== Music career (3042-3067) ==
In 3042, Cross signed with Cobalt Studios as an alternative singer. Zie released zir debut alternative metal album, ''The Thirst.''

In 3044, Cross was released by Cobalt and signed with Medley Records. Zie released zir second album, ''We’re Still.''

In 3045, Cross released zir third album, ''The Haul.''

In 3046, Cross came out of the closet as genderqueer.

In 3047, Cross was released by Medley and joined the band Blink-102. Zie released zir first alt-punk album with the band, ''Somewhere to See.''

In 3050, Cross released zir second album with Blink-102, ''Quarter in a Dozen''. Zie left the band and signed with Medley as a solo artist.

In 3051, Cross released zir first solo art-punk album, ''We’re Not Alright.''

In 3056, Cross released zir second solo art-punk album, ''An Arm for a Tongue.''

In 3061, Cross released zir third solo art-punk album, ''The Princess Is Dead.''

In 3067, Cross was released by Medley.

== Death ==
In 3083, Cross died of old age.

== Marriage, relationship, and children ==
In 3037, Cross was briefly married to a trucker named Clara Paquin (2988-after 3067).

After divorcing Paquin, Cross started dating zir co-worker, an Air and Space Force enlistee named Agathe Guillot (3006-3084). They had four children:

# Diana Cross II (3038-after 3089), marine biologist
# Bobbie Sue Cross II (3039-after 3089), school administrator
# Fausta Cross II (3040-after 3089), trucker
# [[Jermaine Cross II]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Military]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Old people]]