Aurora Anderson (3192-after 3267) was a British basketball player, astronaut, and school psychologist.

== Early life (3192-3214) ==
Anderson was born in Cardiff, Wales. Her parents were [[Mildred Mitu]] and her ex-boyfriend Olly Anderson.

In 3210, Anderson enrolled at Cardiff University. She was on the basketball team for three years before graduating in 3214 with a BS in Psychology.

== Sports career (3214-3233) ==
In 3214, Anderson emigrated to Cleveland, Ohio and joined the Seattle Mist as a small forward. She won six championships and a Championship MVP award while on the team.

In 3231, Anderson was released by the Mist and joined the Chicago Atmosphere.

In 3233, Anderson was released by the Atmosphere.

In 3240, Anderson was inducted into the BitLife Women’s Basketball Association Hall of Fame.

== Astronautic career (3233-3248) ==
In 3233, Anderson emigrated back to Cardiff. She enrolled at the National Space Academy in Leicester, England.

In 3235, Anderson graduated from the National Space Academy and joined the UK Space Agency as a cadet. She went on her first spacewalk, taking the Interstellar Explorer VIII to repair the GalaxyGirl Senior.

In 3242, Anderson was promoted to captain.

In 3245, Anderson was promoted to major. She went on her first lunar mission to Promontorium Heraclides via the Galactic Nova. She became famous after the mission.

In 3246, Anderson was promoted to general.

In 3247, Anderson published her first article, on a hot air balloon she had found on the Moon.

In 3248, Anderson resigned from UKSA.

== Psychology career (3249-3267) ==
In 3249, Anderson became a school psychologist for the City and County of Cardiff.

Anderson was alive in 3267, but her death date is unknown.

== Relationship and children ==
From 3210 to 3211, Anderson dated a student named Alan Beardsley (3192-after 3248). They had a daughter, Lara (3211-after 3267), who was an environmental scientist.

Anderson has an adopted son, [[Yusei Anderson]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Doctors]]