'''Tiago Francois''' (3358-3447) was a French pornographer and politician who became the Governor of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes.

== Early life (3358-3383) ==
Francois was born '''Tiago Guillaume''' in Lyon, France. In 3359, he was adopted by [[Joan Francois I]] and her second partner Lina Joly, making him the younger of Joan’s two children and her only child with Joly.

Francois went to Sciences Po Lyon and graduated with a Licence in Political Science in 3380 and an LLM in 3383.

== Porn career (3383-3401) ==
In 3383, Francois became a porn actor for Gamma Erotica.

In 3401, Francois became famous. He resigned.

== Political career (3401-3431) ==
In 3401, Francois ran for election to his arrondissement’s school board and beat Vincent Antoinette.

In 3406, Francois ran for reelection and beat Ethan Meyer.

In 3411, Francois ran for Mayor of Lyon as a member of La France Insoumise and beat Socialist candidate Lana Dupuy.

In 3416, Francois ran for reelection and beat Renaissance candidate Gabrielle Andre.

In 3421, Francois ran for Governor of Auvergene-Rhône-Alpes and beat Ecologist candidate Brigitte Marchand.

In 3426, Francois ran for reelection and beat Libertarian candidate Emmy Picard.

In 3431, Francois ran for President of France, but lost to Renaissance candidate Jeanne Meunier.

== Death ==
In 3447, Francois died of a stroke. His body was donated to science.

== Relationships and children ==
From 3368 to 3403, Francois dated his classmate, Alix Lavigne (3358-after 3431), who became a trucker in 3377. They had a son:

# Rayan Francois III (3374-3458), PR manager

In 3403, Francois started dating a student named Camille Rose (3384-3455), who became a stockbroker in 3407. They had a son:

# [[Soan Francois III]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Mayors]]
[[Category:Old people]]