{{Infobox character
|name= Solomakhin Andreevna
|aliases=
|marital= Married to Anastasia Popov
|birthPlace= Novosibirsk, Russia
|birthDate= August 10, 1958 
|deathDate=September 2, 2003 
|deathPlace= Novosibirsk, Russia
|affiliation=
|gender=Male
|eyes=Brown
|height=5'7
|weight=143 lbs
|relatives=Kosorukova Alexeev (Mother)<br>Sergei Andreevna (Father)<br>Roman Alesnarovich (Stepfather)<br>Darya Kozlov (Stepmother)<br>Ksenia Alesnarovich (Half Sister)<br>Fedor Fedorov (Half Brother)<br>Anastasia Popov (Wife)<br>Timofey Andreevna (Son)<br>Margarita Andreevna (Daughter)<br>Fyodor Andreevna (Son)}}

Solomakhin Andreevna (August 10, 1958 - September 2, 2003), was a famous Russian actor known for his role as Darius in Hag Reflex.
==Early life==
Solomakhin was born in Novosibirsk, USSR (modern Russia) on the 10th of August 1958, son of the two secondary school students Kosorukova Alexeev and Sergei Andreevna. The two later married Roman Alesnarovich and Darya Kozlov respectivelly. When Solomakhin was 8 his father tragically passed away, and to cope he started taking acting lessons. Eventually he became president of his middle school's drama club. After graduating in 1975, Solomakhin went to university to study english.
==Post-graduation==
After graduating in 1979, Solomakhin started immediately working as a translator. In the meanwhile, he worked as an extra in various movies and TV shows.
==Acting Career==
In 1984, he his first real acting job as an ensemble role in Expecting (Ozhidaya), a drama series that lasted for only one season. In 1985, he took the role of Peter Banbury in seasons 3 and 4 of The White Locust (Belaya Sarancha). In 1987, after hiring talent agent Lev Alesnarovich, he was casted as the lead role of Darius in Hag Reflex (Ved'ma Refleks), his biggest and most successful role. During this he would meet and hook up with extra Anastasia Popov, who would later become his wife. The show lasted until Season 13 in 2000, the same time Solomakhin was diagnosed with kidney stones.

After firing his talent agent in 2001, he took on the lead role of Lucius Roger in American Guy, a comedy film, and in 2002 he took on the lead role of James Carter in Violet Arrow (Fioletovaya Strelka). Unfortunately, he would be diagnosed with cancer of the spleen a year later in 2002, causing him to abandon the show.
==Personal Life==
Solomakhin married Anastasia Popov in 1993. The two had three children: Timofey Andreevna (1993-), Margarita Andreevna (1995-) and Fyodor Andreevna (1997-)
==Death==
Solomakhin died from complications with cancer at 46 years old on October 2 2003.
== Filmography ==
{| class="sortable mw-collapsible fandom-table"
!'''Title'''
!'''Year'''
!'''Genre''
!'''Role'''
!'''Seasons'''
|-
|Expecting
|1984-1985
|Drama
|Hugh Jassman
|Season 1
|-
|The White Locust
|1985-1987
|Sitcom
|Peter Banbury
|Seasons 3-4
|-
|Hag Reflex
|1987-2000
|Drama
|Darius
|Seasons 1-13
|-
|American Guy
|2001
|Comedy
|Lucius Roger

|Movie
|-
|Violet Arrow
|2002-2003
|Action
|James Carter
|Season 1
|-
[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Russians]]
[[Category:Actors]]




|}
==Trivia==
* He had an estimated net worth of 6M rubles (81K dollars)
[[Category:Fan Characters]]