'''James Robert "Jim Bob" Butler''' (1912 - 1998) was an American university professor and occasional pornographic actor. He is known for appearing in films starring his wife, [[Hannah Shrub]], the mother of U.S. President [[Henry Shrub]]. Butler's once noble career as a teacher was later overshadowed by his somewhat controversial relationship with Henry. 

==Early life and education==
Jim Bob was born in Connecticut to a family of educators. His mother was a teacher, and his father was a principal. His grandparents and ancestors, who had experience in the education business dating back to the early 19th century, were official members of the school board. 

Butler had many options of where to go to college in his home state. He sometimes entertained the idea of crossdressing as a woman to attend Connecticut College for Women (formerly Thames College; later Conn College).

==Teaching career==
Butler's teaching career began in 1934. Because of the Depression, he, along with the students he teached, had to make do with the supplies they had to work with. 

... 

When World War II broke out for America in the early 1940s, Butler was quick to oppose the draft. After some time of negotiations with his superiors and local government connections, he managed to make himself exempt from serving in the military. He would still contribute to the war efforts by making donations and teaching children about the seriousness of the war to prepare them in case they were to join the military when they grew up. In 1944, Butler left his position as a schoolteacher to become a university professor. He would teach at many different schools in the state, two of which included UNH and YLS. 

... 

Butler retired from teaching between 1977 and 1978.

==Personal life==
===Marriage and porn career===
In 1951, Butler met recently-divorced pornographic actress Hannah Darcy Shrub. After dating for a couple of years, they married in 1953, at which time Henry was nine years old. Hannah changed her last name to Butler. They helped to raise Henry during the remainder of his childhood, though they never had any of their own children. Even with his stepfather present, Henry's biological father and Hannah's ex-husband, [[Jackie Shrub]], was still heavily involved in his life until his death. 

Upon meeting Hannah, Butler decided to make some appearances in some of her adult films to earn some extra cash. Given his position as a university professor, he would often play characters with similar educational occupations. 

===Relationship with stepson===
Butler's relationship with Henry was very rocky. They would not spend as much time together as Henry would have liked. With the absence of Henry's parents after their deaths, there was no one to persuade Butler into treating him more fairly. During Henry's campaigns for mayor and governorship (1984-1996), Butler would vote for him, but Henry sometimes thought that he was only doing it so he could get some of Henry's political royalties that he felt entitled to.

==Death==
Butler died in 1998 at the age of 86. Despite their troubled relationship, Henry still paid his respects at the funeral. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Teachers]]
[[Category:Actors]]