{{Infobox_character|name=Alfred Parkins|marital=Married|sexuality=Straight|birthDate=April 2, 1916|birthPlace=Blackpool, Lancanshire, England|deathDate=October 17, 2025|deathPlace=Blackpool, Lancanshire, England|species=Human|gender=Male|height=5’8|weight=155 lbs|eyes=blue|affiliation=British Army (1934-1935)<br>Hollywood (1936-2002)<br>Ministry of Information (1939-1945)|education=Secondary School|image=Alfred Parkins.png|relatives=Evelyn Parkins (mother)<br>Toby Humphreys (stepfather)<br>Clair Evans-Parkins (wife, 1916-2010)<br>Baroness Rose (wife, 2010-2025)<br>Margaret (daughter)<br>Edward (son)<br>Emily (daughter)<br>Cecil (son) )<br>Ellis (son) )<br>Henry (son)|imagecaption=Alfred Parkins in 1988}}

'''Alfred Joseph Parkins, Baron Chipstead''' (April 2, 1916 – September 11, 2025) was a British actor and aristocrat. With a career spanning over more than 50 years, he received numerous accolades, including 44 Bitcademy Awards (18 for Best Actor, 20 for Best Supporting Actor and 6 for Best Picture) and 6 Silver Globes. Considered one of the greatest actors of all times, he was mainly known for his performances in high-profile action films, although he was also acclaimed for other roles in westerns and science fiction. In all his film roles (except the first one) he either won or was nominated for an award.
== Early life and education ==
Parkins was born in Blackpool, Lancanshire, to Evelyn Parkins, a 19-year-old university student, and an unknown father, as a result of a random hookup. In 1917, his mother married Toby Humphreys, a 20-year-old fellow student, and took his last name. Humphreys was known for his rude and abusive behaviour towards young Alfred, which scarred him for life. In 1919, his parents had a baby girl named Matilda Humphreys, who would become his half-sister. 

In 1920, his mother graduated from university in graphic design and started a new position as Jr. Interior Designer for The Green Group. The next year, Parkins was enrolled in Mark Partner Primary School. He remained there for 6 years and was then educated at Mountain Secondary School. There, he significantly improved his grades and joined the drama club. In 1929, he became vice-president of said club, and in 1930 he was already president.

At the age of 15, he began dating Clair Evans, who would later become his wife. In 1934, he graduated from secondary school and joined the British Army as a Private. He was destined to Peshawar, India, with the Royal Artillery. In 1935, he was promoted to Private First Class, but was injured during a skirmish and, unfit to serve, he received an honourable discharge. Upon his return to England, he married Clair at St. John’s Church in Blackpool, and she changed her surname to Evans-Parkins.
== Early acting career ==
That same year, he auditioned for the role of a thug in the indie film “Time to Race”, and was paid £3,000 for his participation. The film was a massive flop, but he was discovered by talent agent Andrew Craig, who offered his services to him. Parkins accepted, and his agent secured him an audition for the supporting role of John O’Malley in the comedy “Eddie Spoonhands” (1936). His performance impressed the director, Albert Brackley, and he was nominated for the Silver Globe for Best Supporting Actor.
In 1937, director Harry Thompson cast him as Larry Fisher-Ramirez in the horror film “The Lunch Lady”. His performance was lauded by critics as “outstanding” and it earned him his first nomination for the Bitcademy Award for Best Supporting Actor, creating thus his screen reputation.
== Rising star ==
Following his success in “The Lunch Lady”, he played a supporting role in the film “Mr. and Mrs. Smythe” (1938), being again nominated for Best Supporting Actor, and tried to audition for “Baxter” but was rejected. His first lead role came in 1939, where he played Noah Fisher in the comedy “The Smell of Cinema”. The resulting film was a smash hit, grossing over £9 million, and Parkins received the Bitcademy Award for Best Actor.

After the Second World War broke out in September, he tried to join the Army again, but due to his injury he was rejected and was instead employed in the Ministry of Information for propaganda films. In 1940, he starred in “Who’s Calling?” and received the Bitcademy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and the following year he won it for Best Actor after his role in “Resident Darkness: Resurgence” (1941).
== International fame ==
Parkins gained worldwide fame following with his lead role in the smash hit “The Revengers” (1942), directed by Ian Hopkins, where he played Lieutenant America, the leader of a team of superheroes working to save the world. For his role, he lost 78 pounds and consumed cocaine. In the 15th Bitcademy Awards that year, he won the award for Best Actor again. The next year, he worked with Hopkins in another action smash hit, “Wings at War” (1943). It was, however, poorly received by critics, being called “grossly over-hyped”. In the wake of his performance in the film, 

Parkins was cast in 1944 as Demarco, the lead role in the western “Six Shooter”. Even though the film was a commercial success, it was panned by critics. In 1945, Ian Hopkins cast him again as Hank Anderton in the action blockbuster “Majority Report”. It turned out to be a smash hit, grossing over £565 million, and Parkins won the Bitcademy Award for Best Actor. Critics called the film a true work of art. The next year, he received another Bitcademy Award for Best Actor with “Mitosis Bones”. During a scene in this film, he had to consume actual marijuana, and since it was repeated several times, he eventually got addicted. Luckily, he managed to overcome his addiction thanks to hypnosis.

Parkins later participated in the musical “Laughin’ in the Rain” (1948), and the thriller “Who Cut My Cheese?” (1948), for which he received his fifth Bitcademy Award for Best Actor. In 1949, he starred as Dean Turner in “Snitches Get Stitches”, which was a smash hit and received the Award for Best Picture. He later worked with director Benedict Clapton to film “Frankenstein” (1950), an adaptation of Mary Shelley’s classic, in the role of Captain Robert Walton. During filming, it has been alleged that Parkins consumed ''Salvia divinorum'' and yelled at a goat, for which he was rammed. He won the Bitcademy Award for Best Supporting Actor after one of his best performances. The following year, he was cast as Uncle Fred Parker in the superhero film “Arachnid-Man”, which won the Award for Best Picture.

In 1952, Parkins portrayed Abigail Windass in the action thriller “Ninjas at Sunset”. Despite the challenge of dressing up as a woman, his performance was so compelling that he earned the Best Actor Award. The following year, he starred in “Ready, Set, Boom” (1953), securing yet another consecutive win. During filming, he was required to use marijuana repeatedly for certain scenes, which led to his second addiction. As a result, he had to temporarily halt production to enter rehab.

He later took part in “Bottom Gun” (1954), “One in the Holster” (1955), and “Stewards of the Galaxy” (1956), for which he won the Bitcademy Award for Best Supporting Actor, “I Dream of Fireworks” (1957) and “Off to the Future” (1958). In 1959, Arthur Morris cast him as Chauncey Montgomery, the lead role of the science fiction picture “Meet You on the Moon”. Before filming several scenes, he had to consume ecstasy, and became quickly addicted. He then attended luxury rehab and became cured of his addiction. For his performance in the film, the won the Bitcademy Award for Best Actor. The following year, he starred as Bill Cheswick in “The Talented Mr. Cheswick” (1960), winning another Award for Best Actor. During filming, he met Hungarian actor Szilvester Halasz, and the two would become friends until the latter’s death in 1981.

In 1961, Parkins was cast as Pamela Marino for “The Brazilian Candidate”, playing his second female character and winning the Award for Best Supporting Actor. He also played Crisp in the action film “High-Tail it to the Helicopter” (1962), widely regarded as one of his finest performances, earning him his 13th Bitcademy Award for Best Actor. During filming, he endured some grueling scenes, including taking Xanax, riding a horse bareback, and eating deep-fried rattlesnake. His 14th Best Actor Award came the following year for his role as Lucas Bennett in the 1963 thriller “The Draft”.

His next work, “Brokeback Lagoon” (1964) won the Silver Globe for Best Drama Film, and his role as Parker in the science-fiction picture “Dystopia” (1965) won him yet another Bitcademy Award for Best Actor. Parkins also starred in “A Final Engagement” (1966), “I Am Fable” (1967) and then went on to win two Best Actor awards in a row with “Intrastellar” (1968) and “You’ve Been Abandoned” (1969). In this last film, he consumed ritalin and drank squid ink. Parkins worked again with Benedict Clapton for the 1970 western “Buckshot”, which turned out to be a smash hit and received the Silver Globe for Best Picture.

He continued his career with “Robot of Darkness” (1971), “Do You Know The Way?” (1972) and “Duchess of the Ocean” (1973). Parkins won two more Best Supporting Actor awards with “We’re Spying on You” (1974) and “Myths of Avalon” (1975), for which he consumed marijuana and became addicted once more. Luckily, he overcame this third addiction after rehab. In 1976, he starred in the comedy “Mr. Buford Goes Postal”, a true milestone of late 70s British comedy, for which he won the Bitcademy Award for Best Actor.

After this success, Harry Clapton cast him as DeShawn Castillo, the main character in the action thriller “A Most Scandalous Game” (1977). During filming, he was bit by a badger and briefly contracted rabies, jumped out of a bridge and ate jellied moose nose. Clapton’s picture won the Silver Globe Award for Best Action Film and is considered nowadays a cult classic. In 1978, he had a cameo as a flying car pilot in “Electric Sheep”. The following year, he played one of his most memorable roles: the psychopath Mandible Lecter, in the horror thriller “The Silence of the Yams” (1979), winning the Bitcademy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Later on, Parkins returned to the comedy genre with “Peter Poonhound” (1980), starring as the titular character and winning the Best Actor Award for his performance. In 1981, he played the lead in the western “Heck or High Water”, which got him the Bitcademy Award for Best Picture.

During the next years, he would play supporting roles in the films “All Hallows Eve Kills” (1982), “The Dying Game” (1983), “Crush Time” (1984) and “Field of Screams” (1985), winning Best Supporting Actor awards for three of them. He returned to the lead role in the 1986 comedy “Dispensable Me”, and then went on to win 2 Bitcademy Awards for Best Actor with “Virtual Reality” (1987) and “Women in Black” (1988). In 1989, he played the lead in “The Starvation Games”, a massive blockbuster that grossed $1.35 billion worldwide.
In 1990, Parkins was shocked to learn of the death of his longtime agent Andrew Craig, and hired Ronald Darling to replace him. Darling proved to be as competent as his predecessor, securing a role for Parkins in the science fiction picture “Gravity Pulls”, which won the Best Picture Award the following year. In 1991, he played the lead role of Tommy Bellucci in the thriller “The Man Who Was There”, going on to win the Silver Globe for Best Picture.

He later returned to supporting roles with “Nostrils Wide Open” (1992), “Shank Runner” (1993), “Riding the Lion” (1994) and “Infinity” (1995). In 1996, he played the lead in “The Bills Have Eyes”, and then went on to win the Best Supporting Actor Award for “Interstellar Odyssey” (1997) and the Silver Globe for Best Picture with “Gold Dust” (1998). Parkins’ later supporting roles included “What Sits Upon the Top Floor” (1999), a cameo in “The Issue of the Ex” (2000), “Raymond’s Last Contact” (2001), “Cryostasis” (2002) and “Detonator” (2003).

The last lead role in the career of Alfred Parkins was a comedy, “School of R&B” (2004), where he famously played music teacher Dewey Ginn. Before he retired from acting in 2007, he won the Bitcademy Award for Best Supporting Actor for “Sherlinda’s Roomba Takes Over” (2005) and “Silverado Ranch” (2006). 
== Later life and death ==
In 2010, after his wife Clair died of diabetes type II, Parkins married Lady Rose Oakenfold, 5th Baroness Chipstead, in a ceremony that took place in Canterbury Cathedral in front of 4,960 guests, and officially became Baron of Chipstead jure uxoris. He died of natural causes, on October 10 2025, at the age of 109,  in Gracewoods Mansion, surrounded by his loving wife and children. A memorial service was held on Westminster Abbey the following day, and his remains were later buried in the Poets’ Corner. 
== Personal Life ==
Alfred Parkins had a very good relationship with his mother, until her death in 1993 of natural causes, and her half-sister Matilda. He was also popular in his school and made many lifelong friends, including Felicity Jones-Miller (1915-1981), Tyler Heath (1916-1990), Thomas Curry (1916-1996), Perry Hopkins (1916-1998), Andrew Cahill (1916-2001), and his best friend Peter Winehouse (1916-2005). During his acting career, he also befriended famous actors Blake Potter (1911-1997), Szilveszter Halasz (1889-1981) and a random Air Force sergeant called Rupert Darling (1919-2006).

Parkins was married twice, to Clair Evans-Parkins (1935-2010), and later to Baroness Rose (2010-2025). In his first marriage, he had 6 children: Margaret (b. 1938), Edward (b. 1940), who would become a famous fashion designer, Emily (b. 1941), Cecil (b. 1944), Ellis (b. 1953) and Henry (b. 1960), the current Superintendent of Blackpool Public School. He also had 14 grandchildren and 4 nephews. 
== Filmography ==
{| class="sortable mw-collapsible fandom-table"
!'''Title'''
!'''Year'''
!'''Genre''
!'''Role'''
!'''Award'''
|-
|Time To Race
|1935
|Indie
|A Thug
|None
|-
|Eddie Spoonhands
|1936
|Comedy
|Jon O’Malley
|Nominated for Silver Globe (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|The Lunch Lady
|1937
|Horror
|Larry Fisher-Ramirez
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Mr. & Mrs. Smythe
|1938
|Action
|Abraham Danz
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|The Smell of Cinema
|1939
|Comedy
|Noah Fisher
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Who’s Calling?
|1940
|Thriller
|Hughes
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Resident Darkness: Resurgence
|1941
|Action
|Chris Bluefield
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|The Revengers
|1942
|Action
|Lieutenant America
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Wings At War
|1943
|Action
|Sonny
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Six Shooter
|1944
|Western
|Demarco
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Majority Report
|1945
|Action
|Hank Anderton
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Mitosis Bones
|1946
|Fantasy
|Mitosis Bones
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Laughin’ in the Rain
|1947
|Musical
|John Lockwood
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Who Cut My Cheese?
|1948
|Thriller
|Alfred Muenster
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Snitches Get Stitches
|1949
|Action
|Dean Turner
|Bitcademy Award (Best Picture)
|-
|Frankenstein
|1950
|Science fiction
|Captain Robert Walton
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Arachnid-Man
|1951
|Action
|Uncle Fred Parker
|Bitcademy Award (Best Picture)
|-
|Ninjas at Sunset
|1952
|Action
|Abigail Windass
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Ready, Set, Boom
|1953
|Action
|Oakley
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Bottom Gun
|1954
|Action
|Tim Kazansky
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|One in the Holster
|1955
|Action
|Jonathan Shiner
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Stewards of the Galaxy
|1956
|Action
|Sprocket
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|I Dream of Fireworks
|1957
|Action
|Dylan Ward
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Off to the Future
|1958
|Science fiction
|Dr. Emmett White
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Meet You on the Moon
|1959
|Science fiction
|Chauncey Montgomery
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|The Talented Mr. Cheswick
|1960
|Thriller
|Bill Cheswick
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|The Brazilian Candidate
|1961
|Action
|Pamela Marino
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|High-Tail it to the Helicopter
|1962
|Action
|Crisp
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|The Draft
|1963
|Thriller
|Steve Daley
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Brokeback Lagoon
|1964
|Drama
|Kenneth del Mar
|Silver Globe (Best Drama Film)
|-
|Dystopia
|1965
|Horror
|Parker
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|A Final Engagement
|1966
|Action
|Shaggy Li
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
 
|-
|I Am Fable
|1967
|Science fiction
|Roland Neville
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Intrastellar
|1968
|Science fiction
|Matthew McConnelley
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|You’ve Been Abandoned
|1969
|Horror
|Junior Lopez-Pitt
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Buckshot
|1970
|Western
|Russell James
|Silver Globe (Best Picture)
|-
|Robot of Darkness
|1971
|Science fiction
|Christian Harvey
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Do You Know The Way?
|1972
|Science fiction
|Wade Cortes
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Duchess of the Ocean
|1973
|Thriller
|Latrell Tweedy
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|We’re Spying on You
|1974
|Thriller
|Papa Peeper
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Myths of Avalon
|1975
|Science fiction
|Kyle Wright
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Mr. Buford Goes Postal
|1976
|Thriller
|Haymitch Buford
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|A Most Scandalous Game
|1977
|Action
|Steven Taylor
|Silver Globe (Best Action Film)
|-
|Electric Sheep
|1978
|Science fiction
|A flying car pilot
|None
|-
|Silence of the Yams
|1979
|Thriller
|Mandible Lecter
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Peter Poonhound
|1980
|Comedy
|Peter Poonhound
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Heck or High Water
|1981
|Western
|Lauren Scrooge
|Bitcademy Award (Best Picture)
|-
|All Hallows Eve Kills
|1982
|Horror
|Matthew Meyers
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|The Dying Game
|1983
|Thriller
|Benedict Perry
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Weight of Gravity
|1984
|Science fiction
|Russell
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Crush Time
|1985
|Action
|Jayden
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Field of Screams
|1986
|Thriller
|Janie Kinsella
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Dispensable Me
|1987
|Childrens
|Andreas Lord
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Virtual Reality
|1988
|Science fiction
|Jesse Duffy
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Women In Black
|1989
|Science fiction
|Anita
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|The Starvation Games
|1990
|Action
|Katniss Quiverdeen
|Bitcademy Award (Best Picture)
|-
|Gravity Pulls
|1991
|Science fiction
|Eli Pickford
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|The Man Who Was There
|1992
|Thriller
|Tommy Belucci
|Silver Globe (Best Picture)
|-
|Nostrils Wide Open
|1993
|Thriller
|Duke Tinkle
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Shank Runner
|1994
|Science fiction
|Raff
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Sliced
|1995
|Thiller
|BJ Banks
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Riding the Lion
|1996
|Childrens
|Charles Fingerman
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Infinity
|1997
|Action
|Kevin Adams
|Bitcademy Award (Best Picture)
|-
|The Bills Have Eyes
|1998
|Horror
|Curtis Carter
|Nominated for Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Interstellar Odyssey
|1999
|Science fiction
|Captain Zero
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Gold Dust
|2000
|Western
|Hank Creed
|Silver Globe (Best Picture)
|-
|What Sits Upon the Top Floor
|2001
|Thriller
|Clint Ortiz
|Nomination for Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|The Issue of the Ex
|2002
|Action
|A police officer
|Bitcademy Award (Best Picture)
|-
|Raymond’s Last Contact
|2002
|Science fiction
|Romo
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Cryostasis
|2003
|Science fiction
|Carter Mendez
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|-
|Detonator
|2004
|Action
|Bella Kensington
|Silver Globe (Best Picture)
|-
|School of R&B
|2005
|Comedy
|Dewey Ginn
|Bitcademy Award (Best Actor)
|-
|Silverado Ranch
|2006
|Western
|John Diaz
|Bitcademy Award (Best Supporting Actor)
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Barons]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]