'''Rayan Francois II''' (3246-3333), also known by his stage name '''OG Rippa''', was a French alternative rapper.

== Early life (3246-3264) ==
Rippa was born in Lyon, France. He was the only child born to [[Soan Francois I]] and his girlfriend Mya Pasteur. He was named after his grandfather.

Rippa went to Jubilee Preparatory School and graduated in 3264.

== Career (3266-3317) ==
In 3266, Rippa signed with Medley Records as a rapper. He adopted the stage name “OG Rippa” and released his debut alternative rap album, ''North by Northwestside Story'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 3276.

In 3267, Rippa released his second album, ''Better Life'', which went gold in 3270.

In 3268, Rippa released his third album, ''The Scrawny Shady LP'', which went gold in 3273.

In 3273, Rippa released his fourth album, ''To Kill a Ladybug'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 3278.

In 3278, Rippa released his fifth album, ''Live Smooth'', which went gold in 3279.

In 3283, Rippa released his sixth album, ''Got Everybody Wishin’'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 3287.

In 3290, Rippa released his seventh album, ''Pray for Maxence'', which went double platinum in less than a year and diamond in 3294.

In 3300, Rippa released his eighth album, ''Carnage Mode II'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 3309, Rippa released his ninth album, ''On My Own Level'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3316, Rippa released his 10th album, ''CANDY IS KING'', which went platinum in less than a year.

In 3317, Rippa retired.

== Death ==
In 3333, Rippa died of old age. His ashes were scattered at a coffee plantation.

== Relationships and children ==
From 3262 to 3292, Rippa dated his classmate, Ava Giraud (3246-after 3317), who became a receptionist in 3265. They had a daughter:

# Elise Francois I (3263-3340), banker

In 3292, Rippa started dating an insurance agent named Julia Denis (3274-3359). They had two children:

# Soan Francois II (3293-3311)
# [[Joan Francois I]]

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Old people]]