'''Pamela Harris''' (May 26, 1910-December 11, 2024) was an American basketball player, astronaut, actress, and the founder of the Harris Legacy.

== Early life (1910-1928) ==
Harris was born in Los Angeles, California. She was the oldest of three children born to Mason Harris (1869-1954), a police officer, and his ex-wife Claire Weiner (formerly Claire Harris, 1891-1966), a student who became a marine biologist in 1916. Her siblings were Lisa (1917-1926), Lorenzo (1919-2006), and Juan Harris (1922-2006).

In 1915, Harris enrolled at Little Zucker Elementary School.

In 1921, Harris enrolled at Willikers Middle School. She was on the basketball team.

In 1924, Harris enrolled at Laila Hamilton High School. She was the captain of the basketball team.

== Sports career (1928-1951) ==
In 1928, Harris graduated from high school. She joined the Chicago Clouds as a power forward.

In 1931, Harris was traded to the Indiana Sweats.

In 1951, Harris was released by the Sweats. She enrolled at the University of California.

== Astronautic career (1955-1980) ==
In 1955, Harris graduated from college with a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry. She enrolled at the NASA Academy in Edwards. 

In 1957, Harris graduated from space academy and joined NASA as a cadet.

In 1963, Harris was promoted to major.

In 1973, Harris became famous following her first lunar mission.

In 1980, Harris was forced to retire due to old age.

== Acting career (1980-2024) ==
In 1980, Harris began playing Jane Hale in the TV show ''Eastworld'' (1977-1981).

In 1981, Harris began playing Chris Palmer in ''48'' (1975-1987).

In 1987, Harris began playing Molly Reynolds in ''Mixed Signals'' (1981-1991).

Harris played Tilda Kennedy in the movie ''45 Seconds to Midnight'' (1992).

Harris played Chelsea Ashford in ''Garden City'' (1993).

Harris played Grace in ''Big Boy’s Little Adventure'' (1994).

Harris played Hank Zidler in ''Violin Rouge!'' (1995).

Harris played Sheeran in ''My Dog’s a Scaredy-Cat'' (1996).

Harris played Precious Gambino in ''Silverado Ranch'' (1997).

Harris played Jasmine Bexley in ''The Kung Fu Kid'' (1998).

Harris played Emma King in ''Mr. Buford Goes Postal'' (1999).

Harris played Jeremy Grossweiner in ''Call It Fashion'' (2000).

Harris played Alia Beckinsake in ''Sherlinda’s Camera Takes Over'' (2001).

Harris played Conchita in ''East Side Story'' (2002).

Harris played Mary Anne Twist in ''Brokeback Fissure'' (2003).

Harris played Charlie in ''I Am Myth'' (2004).

Harris played Bob Crow in ''My Own Private Tupelo'' (2005).

Harris played Anna Wilson in ''On the Surface'' (2006).

Harris played a club promoter in ''The Buff Merman'' (2007).

Harris played Keith Schlitz in ''Happy Tails'' (2008).

In 2008, Harris started playing Amelia Fish in the TV show ''The Y-Files'' (2004-2014).

In 2014, Harris started playing Venus Lamar in Battlefield Galactica (2010-2017).

In 2017, Harris started playing Karla Buffett in Bullets (2013-2020).

In 2020, Harris started playing Jibby in iCharli (2016-2024).

== Death ==
On December 11, 2024, Harris died of a heart attack while on a walk. Copies of her book ''Entitled'' were given out at her funeral.

== Marriages, relationships, and children ==
From 1920 to 1928, Harris started dating a student named Donald Greco (1910-1980). They had a daughter, Aretha Rojas-Swift (née Greco, 1927-2018).

In 1928, Harris was briefly married to a makeup artist named Ronald Harris (né Kim, 1887-1956). They divorced after less than a year. She had two ex-stepchildren, Chauncey Kim (1912-after 1956) and Lillian Kim-Fisher (née Kim, 1915-after 1956). 

After Pamela and Ronald Harris divorced, she started dating a jeweler named Ace Owens (1897-1978).

From 1978 to 2018, Harris dated an astronaut named Apollo Hurt (1927-after December 11, 2024), who retired in 1997.

In 2018, Harris married a wedding planner named Tom Harris (né Sprinkle, 1978-2018), who was murdered less than a year later. She had a stepdaughter, [[Jayla Sprinkle]], from Tom’s previous marriage to a woman named Farah Packard.

After Tom Harris was murdered, Pamela started dating Hurt again.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]
[[Category:Actors]]