'''Leo Statham XIV''' (5618-after 5682) was an Irish politician and lobbyist.

== Early life (5618-5636) ==
Statham was born in Dublin, Ireland. He was the youngest of 10 children born to [[Leo Statham XII]] and the younger of two born to his second girlfriend Chelsea Deevy.

In 5624, Statham enrolled at St. Cillian’s Primary School.

In 5630, Statham enrolled at Eden Junior Secondary School.

In 5633, Statham enrolled at St. Gemma’s Secondary School.

== Political career (5636-5660) ==
In 5636, Statham graduated from secondary school. He ran for election to the Dublin City Council and beat Georgia McLaughlin.

In 5641, Statham ran for reelection, but lost to Ciaran Wilde. He enrolled at the University of Dublin, where he majored in political science.

In 5645, Statham graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science. He ran for Mayor of Dublin as a member of Sinn Fein and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Phillip Shaw.

In 5650, Statham ran for a second term on the Dublin City Council and beat Grainne Lewis-Connolly.

In 5655, Statham ran for a second term as Mayor of Dublin and beat Fianna Fáil candidate Margaret Jones.

In 5660, Statham did not run for a third term.

== Lobbying career (5661-5682) ==
In 5661, Statham became a junior lobbyist for Iron Labs.

In 5664, Statham was promoted to lobbyist.

In 5667, Statham was promoted to senior lobbyist.

== Relationship and children ==
From 5630 to 5636, Statham dated a student named Faye Griffiths (5618-5643). They had two children from their first relationship, Kate XIII (5635-after 5682) and Leo Statham XV (5636-after 5682).

From 5641 to 5642, Statham and Griffiths dated again. They had a son from their second relationship, [[Charlie Statham II]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Irish People]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Lobbyists]]