'''Stanley Phelps''' (May 14, 1917 - June 1, 2021), sometimes called '''Stan Lee Phelphs''', was an American firefighter and cameraman. He is best remembered for his services with the Houston Fire Department, where he worked for forty-five years, eventually rising up to the position of Chief. Aside from putting out regular fires, Phelps also partook in missions with the military to battle flames that came from wartime catastrophes. 

==Early life==
Stanley was born in Houston on May 14, 1917 to wedding planner [[Amanda Phelps]]. His father and Amanda's husband, who was never identified by name, was a soldier who was killed in action during the Great War. Stanley's father had donated his sperm to his family's fertility clinic on the day before he entered the battle that cost him his life. 

Stanley loved most of his family. His stepfather, librarian Clint McCartney, refused to spend time with him. He was a member of the military club in his high school years and worked as a part time pool cleaner and newspaper delivery person. 

==Career==
In 1939, upon university graduation with an undergraduate degree in political science, Phelps joined the Houston Fire Department. He received six promotions every two years for a decade: 

- Fire Equipment Operator (1941)

- Lieutenant (1943)

- Captain (1945)

- Battalion Chief (1947)

- Assistant Chief (1949)

- Fire Chief (1951)

During his time as FEO, Lieutenant, and Captain (1941-1945), the majority of fires Phelps extinguished came from catastrophes of World War II. Sometimes, he even went overseas as part of several joint operations with the United States Armed Forces. The same thing happened during the Vietnam War era for the country (1965-1973), during which he had still been the Fire Chief for 14-22 years, although this time he led many of the missions, as his rank gave him the position to do so. 

In 1984, Phelps further distinguished himself as a hero when he rescued three-year-old Ezequiel Covarrubias (born 1981) from a house fire. His parents did not survive. Later that year, following his retirement, Phelps was hailed further by Ezequiel's adoptive father, rockstar [[Chris Marconi|CMarc]]. 

Stanley started working as an apprentice cameraman for Spreadeagle Broadcasting Corporation. He was promoted to cameraman in 1986 and put in twenty-five years at the company, retiring in 2009.

==Personal life==
Phelps began dating his college classmate, Gretchen Hanks, in 1937. They married in 1939 during the start of Phelp's firefighting dreams come true. Their first son, [[CreepypastaNerd2002/Colt Phelps|Colt]], was born in 1942. Their second son, [[CreepypastaNerd2002/Noah Phelps|Noah]] was born a year later. Colt became an engineer in 1965, while Noah became an operations analyst in 1967. Colt died in 1996 at the age of 54 after he was bitten by a poisonous snake. Stanley and Gretchen remained married until his death. 

Although the surname may be coincidental, Stanley had often believed he was a distant relative of Olympic gold medal-winning swimmer Michael Phelps. 

==Death==
Phelps was diagnosed with thyroid cancer when he was merely six years old. He was remembered as a strong and healthy fighter for managing to survive it for so long. He died on June 1, 2021, aged 104. His wife followed the same year at the same age. Phelps is survived by his son, Noah, and his six grandchildren.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Stanley Phelps}}
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Firefighters]]
[[Category:Old people]]