'''Steven John Fish''' (May 8, 1935 - May 14, 2022) was an American author and novelist.

==Early life==
Steven Fish was born in Charlotte, United States, to Betty Fish (1904-1984) and Cleveland Fish (1902-1988). When he was eight years old, he gained a sister, Natalie (1943-2017). He was close to his immediate family throughout his childhood. From a very young age, he knew right away that he wanted to become an author.

==Education==
Steven attended Tickle Elementary School, Kim Sato Middle School, and Charlotte High School (Class of 1953). He did not attend college, instead going straight into the workforce.

==Career==
Fish was not widely known during his early career. He rose to fame in 1960 and would remain famous until his death. He wrote numerous autobiographies throughout his career.

==Personal life==
In early 1968, he started dating LaSondra Martinez. They broke up later that same year. In March 1969, he met Kayla Poussy (later Kayla Fish, 1950-), whom he married several months later. They remained married until Steven's death. They had 12 children (11 still alive): Thomas Ezekiel Fish (1971-1994), Rita Janel Fish (born 1973), Keith Eugene Fish (born 1975), Nicholas Jay "Nick" Fish (born 1977), Jada Camille Pringle (neé Fish, born 1979), Bruce Michael Fish (born 1981), Patrick Devin "Pat" Fish (born 1984), Ariana Katherine Fish (born 1985), Cole Andrew Fish (born 1987), twins Elizabeth "Ella" Heather Fish and Taylor Maria Fish (born 1989), and Nathan Paul Fish (born 1991). Steven and Kayla also had 7 grandchildren at the time of Steven's death. 

===Death of firstborn son===
In 1994, Steven and Kayla lost their oldest son, Thomas, to cancer. Thomas had been diagnosed 2 years before his death. Steven couldn't make any doctor's appointments to get Thomas treated, because Thomas had already moved out by then. After Thomas' death, Steven wished that he could have done something to save his eldest son's life.

==Death and legacy==
Steven died in his sleep on May 14, 2022. He was 87 years old. He is survived by his wife, Kayla, his eleven remaining children, and his seven grandchildren. Family members and friends described him as a diligent man. 

Noble Automotive, a company he was a spokesperson for, sent a bouquet of flowers to his funeral.

Steven's books continue to be bestsellers to this day.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Authors/Writers]]