''Not to be confused with his grandson [[Eberhard Werner II]], his great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner III]], his great-great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner IV]], his 3x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner V]], his 4x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner VI]], his 7x great-grandson Eberhard Werner X, formerly known as [[Greta Werner VI]], his 9x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XI]], his 10x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XII]], his 11x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XIV]], his 12x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XV]], his 14x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XVI]], his 15x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XVII]], his 16x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XVIII]], his 17x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XIX]], his 18x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XX]], or his 19x great-grandson [[Eberhard Werner XXI]].''

'''Eberhard Werner I''' (4443-January 1, 4465) was a German clown.

== Early life (4443-4465) ==
Werner was born in Stuttgart, Germany. He was the younger of two sons born to Anton Werner and Jana Debus.

In 4444, Werner’s father married [[Anna Bauer]]. However, he was murdered and Bauer committed suicide in 4445, so Eberhard Werner and his older sister Jasmin were sent to Stuttgart Orphan Asylum.

In 4449, Werner enrolled at Little Eggemann Primary School.

In 4453, Werner enrolled at St. Juna’s Middle School.

In 4458, Werner enrolled at Epsilon Secondary School.

In 4461, Werner graduated from secondary school.

== Clowning career and death (4465) ==
In 4465, Werner became a clown for Secret Bros Circus. He bought a Lamborghini Aventador, which he sold less than a year later. He called his enemy, Ben Neuer, a lamebrain. In response, Neuer attacked Werner with a baton. Werner died from his injuries.

== Marriages, relationship, and child ==
From 4454 to 4460, Werner dated a student named Greta Ziegler (4443-after 4480). They had a daughter, [[Greta Werner]].

In 4461, Werner started dating a student named Melain Pohl (4442-after 4465). They were briefly married in 4463. Werner gained over $2 million from the divorce.

Less than a year after divorcing Pohl, Werner married a student named Lilly Kaiser (4444-after 4465). They divorced after less than a year.

Less than a year after divorcing Kaiser, Werner married a student named Jule Banner (4444-4463). She was murdered less than a year later.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]