Pat Robinson (January 10th, 1969 - May 8th, 2023) was an American author and journalist. 
<references />{{Infobox_character|name=Pat Robinson|aliases=Patrick Robinson|affiliation=Author|marital=Elyse Richardson (married 1987 - 1989), Wilma Jackson (2004 - 2023)|birthDate=January 10th, 1969|birthPlace=Seattle, Washington|deathDate=May 6th, 2023|deathPlace=New York|gender=Male|height=6’2|weight=176 lbs|eyes=Blue}}
Biography:

Pat was born in 1969 to Joan Robinson, a wedding planner, age 21 and Douglas Robinson, an unemployed 43 year old. He had an older half brother named Mark as well. Joan was all over the place and fathered three boys with different fathers. Mark Beau, Pat Robinson, and Finn Percy. Being the middle child, Pat was disliked by his two half siblings and this made him very lonely during his childhood years. He was very quiet and observed a lot during his childhood. This is most likely what made him such a good writer. In 1982, he met Elyse Richardson and the two started dating. He took a job at Eco Publishing Inc. in 1987 while in college and got married that same year. However he and Elyse did divorce only 2 years after when she admitted to cheating on him. Robinson was heartbroken and poured all his sadness and anger into writing his books. In 1994 he took off with the release of his book about his relationship struggles. He became famous and well known and finally payed off his collage loans and mortgages. He later bought a new craftsman home and a new car as well. Despite his wealth, he never bought things that were too expensive or fancy and preferred a simple living. In 1997 he adopted his neighbors daughter Annabelle after they abandoned her. He was a very good single father to Annabelle until he married Wilma Jackson in 2004. The two had a child named Maya Robinson and raised her along with Annabelle. Pat continued to write books and stay with Wilma until his death in 2023.
[[Category:Biography, Personal Life, Books, Death]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]