'''Mitchell J. Carter''' (June 5, 1922 - May 15, 2022) was an American healthcare professional and United States Coast Guard veteran. A graduate of Yale School of Medicine and seasoned colligiate wrestler, he spent every year working in a new medical position during the early-to-late 1950s until enlisting in the military at the age of 35. Carter would resume his medical career after serving in the Coast Guard for nearly three decades. 

==Early life and education==
Mitch was born in New London, Connecticut to Aisha (1898 - 1983) and Moe Carter (1880 - 1958). His mother was a real estate agent, and his father was a hairdresser that would often perform Mitch's haircuts. The family had a pet cat named Tisha (c. 1921 - 1938). Mitch had a knack for both sports and science in his youth. In middle school, he joined the wrestling team, skateboarding club, and animal rights club. He became the vice-president of the skateboarding club in eighth grade. In high school, he joined the wrestling team again, as well as the boxing and archery clubs. Mitch became the boxing club's vice-president in his sophomore/junior year, and the captain of the wrestling team in his junior/senior year. 

After completing highs school in 1940, Carter applied to go to college so he could be exempt from military conscription. He enrolled at New London Junior College (which would become Mitchell College a decade later), Class of 1944. He joined the school's fencing team, becoming its president in 1943. He also had a part-time job as one of the college's admissions assistants. Carter graduated from NLJC in 1944, earning his bachelor's degree in chemistry. He then enrolled at the Yale School of Medicine of New Haven, a seven-year program from 1944 to 1951. There, Carter joined the wrestling team once more, as well as the science and boxing clubs. He also worked as a campus tour guide. In 1947, Carter became the science club's president, but was cut from the wrestling team due to grades. Carter also became the president of the boxing club in 1948. He graduated from Yale in 1951, earning his master's.

==Early medical career==
After graduating from Yale, Carter went to First Hospital for their job openings. He was hired as a family physician on a $117,409 salary. He befriended his co-workers, Desiree Stoner, Manuel Clinton, and Skylar Badcock. A year later, in 1952, shortly after the birth of his son Mickey, Carter became a brain surgeon for the hospital. Although the salary of $120,008 was slightly better than that of his previous job, he found the work to be very tiring and nerve-racking. His co-worker friends in this position included Albert "Al" Gomez and Kyle Banks. Carter would work at First Hospital for another year until 1953, when he resigned from his job as a brain surgeon to become a psychiatrist for New London Health Services. While the salary was lower, at $99,370, he quite liked the relaxed tone and frequently enjoyed talking with his patients. In 1954, Carter became a chiropractor at Anytime Medical Center, one of First Hospital's "competitors." There, he befriended a co-worker named Neveah Simpson. From 1955 to 1956, he returned to working as a psychiatrist, this time for Destiny Health and Addiction (DH&A). His co-worker friend group increased even more, with the addition of Andrew Lucchese, a relative of country musician [[Britty LuLu|Brittany Lucchese]] (1955 - 2021), Irene Weed, John Bautista, and Virginia Yamamoto. After leaving DH&A, Carter became a physical therapist for the Phoebe Velazquez firm. This would be the last position he would work in before joining the United States Coast Guard.

==Coast Guard service==
In 1957, Carter enlisted in the Coast Guard as a seaman recruit.

... 

Carter retired from active duty in 1984 at the rank of master chief petty officer. 

==Post-military==
Following his retirement from the Coast Guard, Carter resumed his medical career in 1984 with a new position as a family physician at Sapphire Hospital.

==Personal life==
Carter met Shula Kanaan at the age of five. They started dating at age ten. After high school, Kanaan became a real estate agent for Zucker and Dingleberry Real Estate. Kanaan proposed to carter in 1946, to which he accepted. They wed the following year and went on to have two children together, including Latoya (born 1949) and Mickey (born 1952). Latoya is a retired makeup artist from Everest Films. Mickey is a retired truck driver for Aloha Transportation. In 1972, Mickey came out as gay, to which Mitch offered his full, unconditional support. Since homosexuality was still frowned upon by the US military at the time, Mickey was exempt from the Vietnam draft. Kanaan died in a car crash in 2004. The family agreed to cremate her as per her wishes, and Carter would share his $667,028 inheritance with Latoya and Mickey.

==Death==
Carter died on May 15, 2022, aged 99, less than a month before his 100th birthday. He is survived by his two children and any potential grandchildren. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Doctors]]
[[Category:Scientists]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Vietnam veterans]]