Philippe Hall (27 June 2024 - 28 June 2539) is a Canadian supercentenarian from Montreal who supposedly lived up to his 515th birthday.

== Early life and childhood ==
Philippe Hall was born on the 27th of June, 2024 to a single mother Evelyn Hall (1987 - fl. 2539) as a result of a random Tinder hookup. The family had a kitty named Oakley, who unfortunately died after running into a wall in 2026. At the age of 6, he would enroll in an all-boys primary school, Murray Primary School and finally graduate from secondary school at the age of 18.

== Adulthood and later life ==
In the same year he graduated from secondary school, Philippe would find himself in a position for P*** Actor for Tidal Erotica with a salary of $54,624, which would technically be his second home for 14 years after he was fired from his job. From then on, Philippe would live single together with his mother until he was falsely accused of murdering an outlaw at the age of 73 in 2097, where he was given a plea bargain of 33 years in prison which Philippe plead guilty to. Fortunately, at the age of 78, Philippe successfully escaped from prison and emigrated to Papua New Guinea. From then on he would begin taking long walks and meditate, which effectively contributed to his supposed long life. At the age of 188 in 2212, Philippe would date and marry Kahaleohulehua Kaven who brought in stepdaughter Jenny Kaven. At the age of 230 after living for so long, Philippe would begin a Mediterranean diet to hopefully boost his longevity.

Unfortunately, after being tired of living, Philippe would unsuccessfully rob a bank at 313 years old, which resulted in him being charged with armed robbery and a 22 year sentence in prison. However, Philippe was so old that his jail sentence was temporarily held for review until his own death. Due to this, Philippe tried to escape from prison again at 358 years old but failed, extending his prison sentence by five years for felony escape. At age 450 he started a prison riot which resulted in 1 death and 11 injuries. Prisoners recounted Philippe insulting a prisoner and being attacked by him with a spoon, belt and billy club yet still surviving at 508 years old.

== Death ==
Philippe Hall surrendered on the 28th of June, 2539 just a day after celebrating her 515th birthday, just because he was too tired to keep on living. His funeral was attended by his mother and stepdaughter. However, his wife could not be bothered to attend his funeral. It is unknown if his relatives or the love of his life passed away or not. If his age is true and verified, he would be older than the world's oldest person, Jeanne Calment, by 393 years or four times as old as her.
[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Supercentenarians]]
[[Category:Canadians]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]