David Hughes (December 9, 1931 -)

WIP by luxezap :3

{{Character Informations|title1=David Hughes|gender=Male|family=Oprah Judge (grandmother)<br>Stanley Hughes (grandfather)<br>[[Marcus Hughes]] (father)<br>Margot Francois (mother)<br>Zen Hughes (wife)<br>|image1=david2.png|caption-image1=David Hughes in 1957|birth=Paris, France, December 9, 1931}}

== Early Life ==

=== Childhood ===
David Hughes was born in Paris, France on the 9th of December, 1931. He was born to the infamous serial killer [[Marcus Hughes]] and the writer Margot Francois. He arrived in Houston (his father's hometown) when he was 4 years-old, and he has lived there since. His father was hanged when David was 8 years-old. David knew his mother Margot never truely loved her son: Himself. Perhaps he reminded her of Marcus he thought. David attended many acting lessons during his childhood. David attended Aardvark Elementary, then Russo Middle School. When David arrived at Brad Feingold High School, he realized people knew he was: The son of Marcus Hughes.

David decided he shouldn't let fathers mistakes impact himself and how he felt. David joined the drama club and got into a social clique. 

At 15, David developed insomnia from all his stress at school involving his father. David spent countless days getting therapy and taking medications, trying to relieve himself from the mental burden he was feeling...

By 17, David successfully became president of the Drama Club while his insomnia got better.

== Personal Life ==
David struggled with depression through his early adulthood, with it getting significantly worse after stress from auditioning and acting. 

In 1954, at the age of 23, David Hughes met Zen Hughes (''née'' Maya), an extremely famous 27 year-old actor who was born in Poznan, Poland. Right after meeting, they instantly began dating. David's depression slowly fades away as the two plan their future together. 

In 1959, David proposed to Zen with a 12.39-carat ruby ring in a field of tulips, she accepted his proposal. One year later in 1960, they got married on the beach and had a honeymoon at Mt. Fuji, Japan.

== Career ==

=== Acting Career ===
In 1949, at the age of 18, David got a talent agent: Jose Lafontant. Jose Lafontant secured David his first acting gig, a small role as a joke role in a children's movie, but it was a good start. The next year, director Ignacio Longfellow hired him to play Idris Collins, a supporting role in a rom-com, officially making David a famous actor. After filming Rude Men, David was chosen to be the lead in an indie movie. After acting as the lead in another movie, David decided to have a short break from acting and he tried to spend time with his new girlfriend, Zen. David continued doing movies while dating Zen Hughes, but gradually, he stopped doing movies and focused on his relationships.

=== Other Endeavours ===
In 1957, David wrote the bestseller "Hughes Chronicles", which was about his childhood and his stressful entrance into his acting career.

== Filmography ==
{| class="fandom-table"
!Year
!Title
!Role
!Notes
|-
|1950
|My Bed Is A Pirate Ship
|Little Old Lady
|Movie (Bit role)
|-
|1951
|Rude Men
|Idris Collins
|Movie (Supporting role)
|-
|1952
|The Diaper
|Al Hartley
|Movie (Lead role)
|-
|1953
|Homies
|Joey Teno
|Movie (Lead role)
|-
|1956
|The Inverted Merman
|Wheeler
|Movie (Lead role)
|-
|1957
|15 Seconds To Midnight
|Robert Turner
|Movie (Lead role)
|-
|1961
|The Goobers
|D'Marcus Rogers
|Movie (Supporting role)
|}