''Loosely based on George W. Bush''. 

'''Henry Michael Shrub''' (October 21, 1944 - February 11, 2022), also known by his initials, '''HMS''', was an American lawyer, judge, fighter pilot and politician who served as the President of the United States from his election in 2020 until his death in his second year in office in 2022. Shrub also served as Mayor of New Haven from 1984 to 1992, the Governor of Connecticut from 1992 to 1996, and as School Board Director from 2000 to 2008. As a lawyer, he was most prominent with the firm Fudge & Duffy, at which he worked from 1974 until his mayoral election in 1984. He also worked with Osborne Associates for several years. As a judge, he served as a magistrate for the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut for twelve years until his victorious presidential election in 2020. Shrub was also a distinguished U.S. Air Force officer during the Vietnam War. 

==Early life and education==
Henry was born in New Haven, Connecticut to pornographic actress [[Hannah Shrub]] (later Butler) (1907 - 1962) and author [[Jackie Shrub]] (1888 - 1962). His parents divorced in 1951 when he was seven years old. Two years later, Henry's mother married college professor [[Jim Bob Butler]] (1912 - 1998), who appeared in some of Hannah's films. His stepfather hardly bothered to spend time with Henry, if ever. Henry's grandfather, Michael Shrub, was a politician and veteran who upheld anti-racist views. 

Both of Henry's parents died when he was eighteen; Jackie suffered a stroke, and Hannah overdosed on cocaine. Henry was desperate to avenge his mother's death by finding and turning in the culprit that got her hooked, but he never seemed to find them. 

Shrub enrolled in the University of New Haven, Class of 1966. He wanted to major in criminal justice, but it was unavailable to him at the time, so he majored in political science instead. Shrub's extracurricular activities at UNH are disputed; many sources state that he was a member of numerous intellectual clubs, and allegedly even played a sport, such as baseball or football, but Shrub himself had denied these claims. During his sophomore year, he witnessed the assassination of John F. Kennedy on live television on November 22, 1963. Like most Americans at the time, he took the loss very hard, especially with the absence of his parents to grieve with. Shrub graduated in 1966 and earned his bachelor's degree.

==Law school and Air Force==
Shrub enrolled at Yale Law School in 1966. He received many offers to take the bar exam earlier, ahead of most other students, but he refused to take it until after he finished law school, because he felt the need to be as qualified as possible for the test. Shrub graduated in 1969 and thus completed his full education. Shortly after graduating and shortly before beginning his service in the military, Shrub took the bar exam. He eventually got his results, in which he passed the bar. 

Shrub was an avid aviation enthusiast. Having become subject to conscription upon graduating from Yale, he applied to become an officer in the United States Air Force in 1969, joining as a second lieutenant. He flew various missions in the Vietnam War and won a few medals. He reached the rank of captain in 1973, around the time President Nixon's withdrawal of all American troops from Vietnamese soil was completed. A year later, Shrub received his honorable discharge. 

===Dates of rank===
* Second Lieutenant (1969-1970) 
* First Lieutenant (1970-1973) 
* Captain (1973-1974)

==Legal career==
After being discharged from the Air Force, Shrub found work as a junior associate for the Fudge & Duffy law firm, having held onto his bar exam results from 1969, in which he had passed after graduating from Yale. He started out with small cases regarding small-time felonies, most of which did not involve violence. He was also heavily involved in numerous cases that were connected to the Watergate scandal. In 1978, Shrub was promoted to a full associate, and thus started getting more serious cases. He became a junior partner in 1982, and would serve in the role for two years before leaving Fudge & Duffy in 1984 to run for mayor. In 1996, upon completing his term as the Governor of Connecticut, Shrub joined Osborne & Associates. After working there for four years, he left the firm to serve as School Board Director. 

In 2008, after completing his second term as School Board Director, Shrub became a magistrate judge for The City of New Haven. He would serve in the position until he was elected President in 2020.

==Politics==
===Early positions in Congress and the Senate===
During the mid-1970s, Shrub started to focus more and more on politics. He First started looking for a seat in both Congress and the Senate between 1974 and 1979, that latter year being when he turned 35 years old, the minimum age requirement to run for President.

===Mayor of New Haven (1984-1992)===
====First term====
In 1984, after working at Fudge & Duffy for ten years, Shrub announced he was running for Mayor of New Haven. Representing the Democratic party, he budgeted $203,000 towards his campaign against republican candidate [[Mickey Fartlander]] (born 1945). Shrub treated Fartlander with "balanced" indifference. During their debate, Fartlander called Shrub weaksauce, and Shrub told him off as being inappropriate. At a rally, Shrub told the crowd that his sexuality would not determine his leadership, that love is love, and love would help the city grow. The media conjured up a story that Shrub assaulted a young person. He declared it as fake news. Shrub defeated Fartlander and won the election. 

...

====Second term====
For his 1988 reelection campaign, Shrub budgeted an extra $71,000 than his 1984 campaign. His opponent was Sammy Silverstein (1930 - c. 2020s), a potential relative of drummer-turned-mobster [[Freddy Silverstein]]. Shrub decided to be downright nasty to Sammy. His debate focused mainly on educational issues. He responded to Silverstein's smear campaign by adamantly denying the false claim that he used marijuana in his youth. Shrub started a counter rumor based on claims that Silverstein fought dogs in Italy when he was younger. He defeated Silvertstein and won the election.

===Governor of Connecticut (1992-1996)===
As his second mayoral term came to a close, Shrub announced his running for Governor. On a budget of $127,000, he entered the race against Preston Remos (1928 - 2023), whom he treated with respect. He told a young girl in a wheelchair about his plans to make Connecticut more accessible for people with disabilities. Shrub used the radio industry as the primary source of advertising for his campaign. The polls, however, reveled that voters found his voice "annoying and unappealing." He defeated Remos and was elected Governor of Connecticut. 

... 

During his second year in office in 1994, Shrub caught his wife Emma illegally crossing a busy road. Henry gave her a spanking, which received mixed reactions from the public and the media. 

...

Shrub's 1996 reelection campaign was against one of his oldest opponents, Cody Simms (1924 - 2020). He treated Simms with indifference. After overspending on expensive advertising, Shrub had to ask for public fundraising to maintain his campaign budget. He promised to give everyone in the state free access to prescription medication. Shrub lost the election and Simms succeeded him as Governor.

===School Board Director (2000-2008)===
====First term====
In 2000, Shrub entered the race for the seat of School Board Director. His opponent was Colin Simms (born 1936), who was Cody Simm's younger brother. Shrub treated Colin with indifference. Based on the recommendation of his "expert" campaign team, he started fire dancing as a way to get appeal to younger voters. However, this idea backfired when he torched a tree in his yard. Regardless, Shrub defeated Simms and won the election. 

... 

====Second term====
In his 2004 reelection campaign, Shrub went up against Jade Eastwood (born 1936), whom he treated with indifference. He became the subject of viral media attention when he performed his campaign speech while drunk, having finished off a campaign volunteer's flask of whiskey. The volunteer was later reprimanded for causing interference. Shrub defeated Eastwood and was reelected. 

===President of the United States===
====Early campaigns (1996-2016)====
Shrub had run for president five times in the past, and all of his campaigns except for his last one were unsuccessful. After losing his reelection campaign for state governor to Cody Simms, he entered the race on a $12,800 budget against Desiree Bradford (1921 - c. 2010s), who represented the green party. Shrub treated her with indifference. He appeared on the weekend edition of a popular news program that was hosted by a station that openly supported Bradford. Shrub also extorted Bradford after he saw footage of her accepting illegal campaign donations from a company executive. He lost the election, and Bradford became president. 

In 2000, Shrub entered the race for president a second time, with a $120,000 campaign against his opponent, Betsy Swallows (1927 - c. 2010s), whom he treated with indifference. He told voters that he would increase taxes and lower spending. Shrub's campaign manager recommended he attend a dance party to gain the respect of young, more "hip" voters. Shrub's salsa dancing skills garnered him significant internet attention. Swallows made up a story accusing Shrub of trying special k. He declared it to be fake news. Swallows defeated Shrub and won the election. 

After completing his second and final term as School Board Director in 2008, Shrub ran for president a third time, against Garrett Cockwallace (born 1946). He treated him with indifference. At a debate, Shrub stated his belief that the second amendment should be repealed by one that prohibits all American citizens from owning any type of gun. He confronted his campaign assistant upon hearing that they accepted a bribe from an oil lobbyist. The rumor turned out to be false. Shrub declared a fake news media story that he wore his shoes in bed. He lost the election to Cockwallace. In 2012, Shrub ran again. He treated his opponent, Venus Hardwood-Hicks (born 1963) with nastiness. Hardwood-Hicks represented the socialist party. Shrub told a reporter, who also happened to be a Boston Red Sox fan, that he was a member of the Red Sox Nation. He told another reporter that he promised to increase educational funding if elected. Venus accused Henry of trying Molly. Shrun declared the story as fake news. Hardwood-Hicks defeated Shrub and won the election. 

Shrub ran for president a fifth time during the election year of 2016, against republican candidate Buster Young (born 1974). He had the opportunity to launch a smear campaign against Young after learning about his extramarital affair, but he chose not to, fearing it would sever his positive relationship with his voters and, he stated his belief of strong family values. During a debate, Shrub caught Young in a lie, citing scientific research to support his claim. Shrub also admitted to a media story about him suffering from high blood pressure, of which he was diagnosed in 2014. Shrub ultimately lost the election to Young.

====Final campaign, victory, and term (2020-2022)====
In 2020, Shrub entered the race for president for the sixth and final time. His opponent, Samantha Hux (born 1974) represented the nationalist party, making him treat her with indifference. During a speech, Shrub accidently referred to Texans as Oklahomans. He told voters that, if elected, he would have a weekly address of everything he would accomplish that week. Hux called Shrub out on his high blood pressure. In retaliation, Shrub started a rumor that Hux believed she was an alien sent from another planet to "save" Earth. In a landslide victory, Shrub defeated Hux, finally becoming President, and officially returning to the spotlight after six years.

==Personal life and death==
During his junior-senior year at UNH in 1965, Shrub met his future wife, [[Emma Shrub|Emma Smith]] (1944 - 2024), an eventual internal auditor for Quantum Financial. They eloped shortly after graduating the following year, before Emma went to Cornell Law School while Henry went to Yale. Henry got along well with Emma's parents, who opted to support him due to his biological parents being deceased. Shrub and Smith had three children together, including [[Grayson Shrub|Grayson]] (born 1972), [[Julia Shrub|Julia]] (born 1974), and [[Martha Shrub|Martha]] (born 1986). Grayson is a makeup artist at Beacon Productions, Julia is a computer programmer for Amigo Dynamics, and Martha is a school administrator, having started as an assistant principal. 

On February 11, 2022, three days before Valentine's Day, Shrub died in his sleep at his home, aged 77. He is survived by his three children and any potential grandchildren. He was given many honors at his funeral, even receiving a posthumous promotion to Major by the Air Force.

==Trivia==
* His year of birth and year of death are the same as the late football player [[Sean Doom]]. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Lawyers]]
[[Category:Pilots]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:American Presidents]]
[[Category:Vietnam veterans]]