'''Hannah Levine''' (neé '''Keefe''', born July 18, 1990 - May 14, 2086) was an American military officer, activist, and a former First Lady of the United States whose career spanned multiple decades. Known for her seriousness and ambition, Hannah became the one of the few female generals in US history.

==Early Life==
Hannah was born on July 18, 1990 in Honolulu to Rose and Daniel Keefe. Both her mother as well as her father were involved in the military, her father being a sergeant and her mother being a lieutenant. The two met during a tour and would later become a couple. Hannah had an older brother named Johnathan. 

Hannah had always been interested in sports, and joined her high school's volleyball team. Tragically, at the age of 15, Hannah lost her father, who passed away while in combat during a deployment. Her father's sacrifice to the nation would inspire Hannah to join the military. After graduating from high school, Hannah accepted a volleyball scholarship to the United States Military Academy, better known as West Point.

Hannah continued her volleyball career at West Point and was offered an invitation to the 2012 Bitlife Volleyball Draft, but she turned it down in hopes of joining the army and becoming an officer, to honor her father's legacy. She also joined Alpha Epsilon Phi, a well known sorority.  
==Military Career==
In 2012, at age 22, Levine's military career began, and she joined the Army as a second lieutenant. Just a year later, she was promoted to first lieutenant, and would end up on her first deployment to Lebanon, to clear an unstable war zone. During that time, she led multiple squads into battle, and for her heroic actions she was awarded a medal, along with a promotion to captain. Hannah continued her military career, eventually being promoted to colonel in 2034, at the age of 40. During her time till colonel, she was deployed in another two zones, the first being a trip mine field in Afghanistan, and the second in a terrorist-controlled wilderness in Hungary. After earning multiple medals, including the Army Commendation Medal, Purple Heart, and Distinguished Service Cross, Levine would be promoted to the position of Brigadier General at the age of 44. She then received multiple rapid promotions, until becoming the third woman in American history to achieve the rank of O-10, also known as General. She was later appointed as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Hannah continued to serve her position faithfully until she retired and was honorably discharged at the age of 52, when she completed 30 years of continuous service to the United States Armed Forces.

=== Dates of Rank ===
{| class="fandom-table"
|+List of Promotions
!'''Insignia'''
!'''Date'''
|-
|Second Lieutenant
|June 2012
|-
|First Lieutenant
|May 2013
|-
|Captain
|March 2015
|-
|Major
|November 2018
|-
|Lieutenant Colonel
|February 2024
|-
|Colonel
|January 2030
|-
|Brigadier General
|August 2034
|-
|Major General
|October 2036
|-
|Lieutenant General
|May 2037
|-
|General
|December 2040
|}

==Political and Activism Career==

=== Activism ===
After completing her service with the United States Army, Levine chose to attend the Yale School of Law to receive education that would advance her standings as a activist. After graduating from Yale, she became a lobbyist who rallied for rights for military veterans. Having experienced addictions and PTSD herself, Hannah would continue her activism for over a decade, receiving critical acclaim across the country.
===First Lady===
Hannah's husband, Andrew Levine, was a lawyer and politician throughout his life.After running a law firm for many years, he decided to run in the 2056 Presidential Election as a Democrat. After securing the party's nomination through the primaries, he ran against D'Andre Tyson, a hardcore Republican. Levine won with 53% of the popular vote, making Hannah the First Lady. Levine re-won the election in 2060, securing another four years as President and First Lady. Hannah often painted a beautiful image by following fashion tips from many former first ladies, and published a book called "Confidential" about her life. She also spent much time visiting military centers to give motivational speeches and inspire soldiers alike.

=== Controversies ===
Hannah was involved in multiple controversies, ranging from the ethics of political interference with military operations to insider trading. After retiring from the military and being active in politics, many people criticized her for innappropriate behavior. However, this criticism was nothing compared to suspicions of insider trading. From her time as a Major General to her time as a lobbyist, Hannah increased her net worth over tenfold, despite having immense costs in campaigning and other expenses. In a major leak by the New York Times, she was accused of insider trading and sat in court facing multiple years in jail, but was proved not guilty, barely dodging a bullet that could've cost her and her husband's reputation. To this day, many are curious if Hannah really did insider trading.

== Personal Life ==
Hannah met the love of her life, [[Andrew Levine]] on a date. Andrew was an associate for a law firm, and he later became a politician in his life. He proposed to Hannah at a lookout point, and they married when she was 26 at a banquet hall, before having a honeymoon all over the world, including in France, Italy, and the Maldives. Andrew was a well-known lawyer and entrepeneur before he ran for President in 2056, and re-won the election in 2060.

The couple had four children together: Daniel, named after Hannah's father, who went on to follow in his parent's footsteps by serving in the military and then as a politician who was elected President, Jackson, who ran a major hedge fund and is an investor, Sierra, who went on to become a runway model and actress, and James, a military enlistee who was killed in action. The Levine family is considered one of the most powerful and influential families in today's modern world.

Hannah passed away at the age of 96, and was survived by her three children and seven grandchildren. She had an auto-biography published posthumuously. 
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Generals]]