{{WIP}}

'''Andre Wyatt Russo''' (December 5, 1999 - August 29, 2121) was an American psychiatrist and supercentenarian. With a lifespan of 121 years and 268 days, he was the eighth oldest person in history in which the age is accurately verified, as well as the oldest human male. He was also the last alive person to be born in the 20th century, as well as the oldest confirmed cancer patient and cancer survivor.

== Early Life ==
Russo was born on 5 December 1999 in Dallas, Texas, to Antonio Russo, a marine biologist, and Breanna Russo (nee Cornell), an art gallery worker. He had an older sister named Aretha. His family had notable Italian descent, with Antonio being 50% Italian. Despite their Catholic roots, Russo's family was quite liberal. The family was very loving, providing Russo with many extracurricular activities and job opportunities.

At age 5, he attended the Genevieve Clinton Elementary School, an all-boy school in Dallas. He also had accordion and jiu-jitsu lessons. At age 11, Russo attended the Hicks Middle School, another all-boy school in Dallas. He also had acting lessons. At age 14, he attended Ortega High School, an all-boys school in Dallas. He joined the high school football team, but quit on the same year. He also declared himself bisexual around that time.

At age 14, he met his girlfriend and future wife Tia Pauletta Marshall.

As a child, Russo was extremely outgoing and made lots of friends, as well as having a very good relationship with his family. In an interview in May 2118, he attributed this to be the cause of his longevity and health. He was also hard-working, working several freelance jobs at age 13, and working as a pool cleaner at age 14. Russo had stated that his work ethic had extended his life significantly, despite most other supercentenarians that lived longer than him being mostly unemployed and laid-back.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]