{{Infobox character|name=Arthur Bispo Fernandes|relatives=Parents:
*Matheus Rocha Fernandes (1988-2065)
*Amanda Martins (1985-2076)
*Vitor Monteiro (Stepfather) (1996-2070)
Exes:
*Ana-Clara Mendes (Ex-Fling) (2065-)
Siblings:
*Enzo Fernandes (Little Brother) (2019-2082)
*Anderson Fernandes (Little Brother) (2024-2087)
*Pedro Monteiro (Stepbrother) (2012-2097)
Children:
*Lucas Fernandes (Son) (2030-)
*Maria-Clara Fernandes (Daughter) (2032-)
*Diogo Fernandes (Son) (2046-2109)
Friends:
*Davi Neves (Friend) (2013-2088)
*Ivana Grgic (Friend) (2014-2078)
Grandchildren:
*Fabio Fernandes (Grandson) (2056-)
*Raul Fernandes (Grandson) (2058-)
*Lara Fernandes (Granddaughter) (2061-)
*Matheus Fernandes (Grandson) (2063-)
*Ronaldo Castro (Grandson) (2065-)
*Ana Julia Fernandes (Granddaughter) (2076-)
*Douglas Fernandes (Grandson) (2078-)
*Joana Fernandes (Granddaughter) (2080-)
Nieces & Nephews:
*Catarina Fernandes (Niece) (2055-)
*Ian Fernandes (Nephew) (2056-)
*Daniela Fernandes (Niece) (2058-)
*Romario Fernandes (Nephew) (2059-)
*Manuela Conceicao (Niece) (2047-)
*Juliana Fernandes (Niece) (2060-)
*Danilo Fernandes (Nephew) (2061-)|affiliation=*Martins Primary School (Graduated)
*Chen Secondary School (Graduated)
*University (Nursing) (Graduated)
*Horse Jockey for Olimpio Noronha Downs (2035-2069) (Retired)|marital=Pamela Matos (2012-) (Married)|birthDate=August 4, 2012|birthPlace=Olimpio Noronha, Brazil|gender=Male|eyes=Brown|image=ArthurBispoFernandes.jpg|imagecaption=Him at 55 years old (2067)|deathDate=March 5, 2101|deathPlace=Olimpio Noronha, Brazil}}

'''*NOTE: This page was inspired by [[Chun-Hsien Su]].*'''

==Early Life==
Arthur Bispo Fernandes was born on August 4, 2012, in Olimpio Noronha, Brazil. He is a son of Matheus Rocha Fernandes (1988-2065), a paralegal, and mother Amanda Martins (1985-2076), a reporter.

When he was 4 years old (2016), Arthur broke his parents' lawnmower and then lied about it. When he was 5 years old (2017), Arthur told his mother that Blue is his favorite color.

==Primary School==
When he was 6 years old (2018), he started attending Martins Primary School. When he was 7 years old (2019), His mother gave birth to a brother named Enzo Fernandes. 11 months earlier when Arthur was 6 years old (2018), Enzo was concieved after they did sexual activities. When he was 11 years old (2023), his bichon frise, Daisy, died while finding a quiet place behind the house. Arthur almost diagnosed with depression after Daisy died. His mother gave birth to his brother, Anderson Fernandes, Arthur's new brother. He was a planned pregnancy. When he was 12 years old (2024), he got bullied at school by his classmate, Gabriel. He reported him to the headmaster's office a few minutes later. He later got attacked by him. When he was 13 years old (2025), His classmate, Pamela Matos (2012-), asked Arthur out to be his girlfriend. When he was 14 years old (2026), he was suffering from lice.

==Secondary School==
When he was 15 years old (2027), he finished primary school and started attending Chen Secondary School. He tried out for his secondary school wrestling team but did not make the cut. When he was 17 years old (2029), his girlfriend, Pamela, became pregnant with Arthur's baby. About a year later when he was 18 years old (2030), Pamela gave birth to a son named Lucas Fernandes. He had him circumcised 17 minutes later.

==University==
When he was 18 years old (2030), he graduated from secondary school and started attending university for free thanks to Brazil's public education system. Arthur started a university program in nursing. A few minutes later, a professional twerker and a cat lady hired him as a tutor. He earned $319 after working 29 hours for them at $11 an hour. When he was 19 years old (2031), Pamela became pregnant again with Arthur's baby. About a year later when he was 20 years old (2032), Pamela gave birth to a daughter named Maria-Clara Fernandes. Arthur also vaccinated Lucas Fernandes.

==Horse Jockey for Olimpio Noronha Downs==
When he was 23 years old (2035), he got an interview at Olimpio Noronha Downs for their Horse Jockey opening. He was hired for the position of Horse Jockey for Olimpio Noronha Downs with a salary of $10,646. There was also a canary outside but Arthur wasn't quick enough to catch him. He disappeared. When he was 24 years old (2036), Arthur was experiencing chafing in his privates from all the racing he was doing, so he got a new saddle, and it eliminated the problem. When he was 25 years old (2037), Pamela demanded that him and Pamela get married. He suggested Pamela to get eloped instead because he was in debt and she agreed to be eloped. Pamela brought cash assets of $31,857 into his marriage. When he was 28 years old (2040), Pamela wanted to buy a condo and Arthur applied for a mortgage to buy a condo and his application was accepted. He also signed up for a YouTube account and a Twitter account. When he was 29 years old (2041), he took his daughter, Maria-Clara Fernandes, bowling. When he was 31 years old (2043), he fully paid off the car loan on his cream Ford Bronco. When he was 32 years old (2044), his daughter, Maria-Clara Fernandes, began suffering from Lactose Intolerance. Arthur took Maria-Clara to the doctor and Maria-Clara still suffers from Lactose Intolerance. About a year later when he was 33 years old (2045), his daughter, Maria-Clara Fernandes, cured of Lactose Intolerance. His wife, Pamela became pregnant again with Arthur's baby. About a year later when he was 34 years old (2046), Pamela gave birth to a son named Diogo Fernandes. His little brother, Anderson Fernandes, started a new position as Jr. Reporter for Wildcat TV. He moved out. When he was 35 years old (2047), he went off-roading and broke a shock absorber on his cream Ford Bronco, he paid $441 to repair it. When he was 37 years old (2049), he decided to get new health insurance after a telemarker cold called him and sold him on a policy. When he was 38 years old (2050), he signed up for an Instagram account. When he was 39 years old (2051), he repaired the shattered headlight on his cream Ford Bronco. When he was 40 years old (2052), he witnessed a grad student drinking in public. He called the police on him. When he was 42 years old (2054), he hired Rivaldo Schmitz as his new financial advisor. When he was 43 years old (2055), he repaired the dented fender on his cream Ford Bronco. When he was 44 years old (2056) at the last minute, Arthur decided to pull out of a high-stakes race after noticing his horse had a boner. When he was 45 years old (2057), someone called @marcelaleite posted an embarassing meme of him on Instagram. When he was 46 years old (2058), his little brother, Anderson Fernandes, and his wife, Maria Luiza Nogueira, had a daughter named Daniela Fernandes. Arthur also started drinking mojitos because his wife asked him. When he was 47 years old (2059), he had a talk with his co-worker, Joao-Vitor, because Joao-Vitor annoyed him when he forwarded yet another chain-email to him. When he was 48 years old (2060), he had decided to scrap his cream Ford Bronco because his car no longer starts and is beyond repair. When he was 49 years old (2061), his son, Lucas, and his wife, Isabella, had a daughter named Lara Fernandes. Arthur felt obligated to go to an event at his neighbor's church even though he didn't want to. When he was 50 years old (2062), He signed up for an Twitch account. His daughter, Maria-Clara Fernandes, married Yuri Castro, a 33-year-old restaurant worker. When he was 51 years old (2063), he earned $52 by promoting a new brand of sushi seaweed on his YouTube account. When he was 52 years old (2064), 4 years later after he scrapped his cream Ford Bronco, his wife, Pamela started nagging him to buy a car. He bought a new brown Mercedes-Benz S-Class for $96,208. His grandson, Raul, started primary school. He is no longer suffering from lice. When he was 53 years old (2065), his father, Matheus Rocha Fernandes, died after suffering a stroke. His little brother, Enzo Fernandes, and his wife, Joana, have adopted a 6-year-old girl named Manuela Conceicao. His daughter, Maria-Clara Fernandes, and her husband, Yuri, had a son named Ronaldo Castro. His son, Diogo, enlisted in the Air Force. His grandson, Matheus, has been diagnosed with whooping cough. When he was 54 years old (2066), his little brother, Anderson Fernandes, and Maria Luiza Nogueira divorced. When he was 55 years old (2067), he savored each moment as he enjoyed a naturally essenced and delightfully carbonated La Croix beverage. When he was 56 years old (2068), his grandson, Matheus, is no longer suffering from whooping cough. His mother was diagnosed with pneumonia. He earned $364 by promoting an extremely popular sports drink on his YouTube account. When he was 57 years old (2069), his mother is no longer suffering from pneumonia. He fully paid off the car loan on his brown Mercedes-Benz S-Class. He was forced to retire from his job as House Jockey for Olimpio Noronha Downs. He thanked his supervisor for the opportunity to serve Olimpio Noronha Downs.

==Elder Life==
When he was 58 years old (2070), his stepfather, Vitor Monteiro died of complications from old age. He fully paid off the mortgage on his condo at 4457 Yoandorado Dr. . When he was 59 years old (2071), he took his wife, Pamela Matos to the theater to see 'Loud as Hell on the Eastern Front'. When he was 60 years old (2072), his wife, Pamela Matos, retired. He spent some time giving back by volunteering at an environmental organization. His son, Lucas Fernandes, has been diagnosed with pneumonia. When he was 61 years old (2073), his son, Lucas Fernandes, is no longer suffering from pneumonia. When he was 62 years old (2074), his son, Diogo Fernandes, married Daniela Ramos, a 24-year-old real estate agent. His niece, Catarina Fernandes, started a new position as Real Estate Agent for Faria & Schmidt Realtors. He earned $297 by promoting a newly released blockbuster movie on his YouTube account. When he was 63 years old (2075), he witnessed a schoolteacher robbing a bank. He called the police on him. When he was 64 years old (2076), his mother, Amanda Martins, died of complications from old age. His brothers and him each inherited $482,412. He became friends with Ivana Grgic. His son, Diogo, and his wife, Daniela, had a daughter named Ana Julia Fernandes. When he was 65 years old (2077), his grandson, Raul Fernandes, began studying finance at university. He repaired the broken alternator on his brown Mercedes-Benz S-Class. When he was 66 years old (2078), his son, Diogo, and his wife, Daniela, had a son named Douglas Fernandes. His friend, Ivana Grgic, slipped onto train tracks and was electrocuted. When he was 67 years old (2079), he started drinking brandy. When he was 68 years old (2080), his son, Diogo, and his wife, Daniela, had a daughter named Joana Fernandes. A hacker posted an announcement on his YouTube account saying "I had to take a month off to deal with a crippling outbreak of diarrhea.".  When he was 69 years old (2081), his grandson, Raul Fernandes, started a new position as Real Estate Agent for Schmitz & Campos Realty. His little brother, Enzo Fernandes, has retired from the Coast Guard. He repaired the broken stereo on his Mercedes-Benz S-Class. When he was 70 years old (2082), his grandson, Matheus, started a new position as Sales Associate for Harp Jeweler. His little brother, Enzo Fernandes, died while sleeping. Arthur felt grateful after participating in a community building cleanup on his neighborhood. When he was 71 years old (2083), his grandson, Fabio, graduated from veterinary school. He started a new position as Jr. Veterinarian for Olimpio Noronha Veterinary Clinic. His little brother, Anderson, has been diagnosed with heart disease. When he was 72 years old (2084), his grandson, Ronaldo, started a new position as Apprentice Grocer for Mammoth Supermarket. Arthur also advised a young woman to dump her cheating boyfriend. When he was 73 years old (2085), he became friends with Davi Neves, Arthur repaired the broken thermostat on his Mercedes-Benz S-Class. When he was 74 years old (2086), his friend, Davi, and him had a threesome with Ana-Clara Mendes. When he was 75 years old (2087), his little brother, Anderson Fernandes, died from complications associated with heart disease. When he was 76 years old (2088), his friend, Davi, died after mistakenly urinating on an electric fence. Arthur felt overjoyed after watching the sunrise atop a mountain with some of his closest friends. When he was 77 years old (2089), he repaired the clogged fuel injector on his Mercedes-Benz S-Class. His grandson, Fabio, married Maria Fernanda Conceicao, a 25-year-old firefighter. When he was 78 years old (2090), he scrapped his Mercedes-Benz S-Class. He invested time in 16 relationships. When he was 79 years old (2091), his granddaughter, Lara, started a new position as Line Cook for Binary Cafe. Arthur had a tech savvy friend help him learn how to post on "The Facebook". When he was 80 years old (2092), his granddaughter, Ana Julia, has been diagnosed with lice. His daughter, Maria-Clara, retired. He went to dance in the rain with his son, Diogo Fernandes. When he was 81 years old (2093), his granddaughter, Ana Julia, is no longer suffering from lice. Arthur observed a salesperson call his son, Lucas, weaksauce! Arthur called him a no-good thug. He solicited a male prostitute that he met on the street. When he was 83 years old (2095), his granddaughter, Ana Julia, started a new position as Apprentice Grocer for Sunflower Foods. His son, Lucas, retired. A tourist called him a dillhole, he called him a loser. When he was 84 years old (2096), his wife, Pamela, told him she found someone else to meet her sexual needs because he wasn't. When he was 85 years old (2097), his stepbrother, Pedro, died of natural causes. His grandson, Douglas, started a new position as Receptionist for Wishbone Energy. When he was 86 years old (2098), he has been diagnosed with depression.

==Death==
Arthur Bispo Fernandes died in his sleep at the ripe old age of 89. His funeral was attended by his three loving children, Lucas, Maria-Clara, and Diogo, and seven of his eight grandchildren. His devoted wife, Pamela went to climb the neighbor's tree instead.

A charming fellow, he studied nursing in college. Arthur Bispo got a job as a horse jockey and was a faithful servant to Olimpio Noronha Downs, working there for 34 years. Friends say he liked circumcised penises.

He had 3 children, 8 grandchildren and 4 lovers.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Brazilians]]