'''John Fishing''' (April 28, 1959 - April 6, 2022) was an American aviator who served in the United States Air Force for over thirty years. 

==Early life==
John was born in Bangor, Maine to insurance agent Elmer Fishing (1905 - 1989) and Navy sailor Lanika Fishing (1920 - 2013). His mother had enlisted in WAVES (United States Naval Women's Reserve) during World War II. His father, being an insurance agent and spouse of a military veteran, also did his part during the war by partnering with the United Services Automobile Association (USAA). The family owned a pet female schnauzer named Lady (c. 1957 or 1958 - 1969), whom they named after the titular character of the 1955 Disney animated film ''Lady and the Tramp'', even though her appearance more closely resembled the "Tramp" character.

==Aviation career==
===Commercial flying===
Following his graduation from UMaine in 1981, Fishing became a pilot trainee for Rover Airlines.

===Air Force service===
Fishing joined the Air Force in 1984. 

...

In 2020, one year before his planned retirement, Fishing was given an other-than-honorable discharge from the Air Force for undisclosed reasons. He spent part of his final couple of years trying to receive compensation for what he called a wrongful termination from his service. 

====Dates of rank====
* Second Lieutenant (1984-1985) 
* First Lieutenant (1985-1988) 
* Captain (1989-1990; 1990-1999) 
* Major (1999-2005) 
* Lieutenant Colonel (2005-2011) 
* Colonel (2011-2013) 
* Brigadier General (2013-2015) 
* Major General (2015-2016) 
* Lieutenant General (2016-2020)

==Personal life==
Fishing was married three times. He was first married to fellow pilot Daniella Grace (1959 - 2007), who he met in his freshman year of college. Grace proposed to John in 1982, and they married that same year. In 2007, Grace was killed in a terrorist bomb explosion. After her death, Fishing came out as gay and began dating his longtime friend from university, Tyson Pratt, whom he married 2011. However, in 2014, John re-identified as heterosexual, resulting in his divorce from Pratt. He was met with much scrutiny, since the timing of this revelation coincided with the legalization of same-sex marriage by then-President Barack Obama. John married his third spouse, Tisha Barnes, in 2016. 

John had four children with Grace: 
* Tucker (born 1987) - Firefighter 
* Slim (born 1989) - Archeologist for Arrow College System 
* David (born 1991) - Marriage counselor at Triumph Health Services 
* Camila (born 1997) - Assistant Principal for Bangor Public Schools 

He was also stepfather to Barnes' son, Wade (born 1988), a firefighter who sometimes works with Tucker. 

On April 6, 2022, Fishing went for a ride on his glider. He suddenly lost control, crash-landed in a field, and was killed almost instantly upon impact. His funeral was attended by Tisha and all his children. The crash was officially listed as an accident, though it is speculated that, due to the problems of his life, such as his dishonorable discharge from the Air Force, John committed suicide by intentionally crashing the glider. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Pilots]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:LGBT Characters]]
[[Category:Generals]]
[[Category:Gulf War veterans]]
[[Category:Iraq War veterans]]