== Juliana Trejo ==
Juliana Trejo (1859-1878) age of death: 19 studied information systems at university the same year she passed away, the daughter of, Ramiro, and Cecilia, she had no children because she died before she could have any.

== School life ==
In, 1865 Juliana started Primary School. In, 1871 she started middle school. Around, 1874, She started secondary school graduating around 1877 she graduated. Around 1978, she started Information Systems at University, unfortunately passing away the year she started. *FUN FACT* after the school heard about her death, they put on a memorial for her in the gym, with a picture of her and memorial/funeral stuff, same as the other schools she went to.



== DEATH ==
January 22nd, 1878 at 2am Juliana couldn't stop coughing, her dad tried to help her but she fainted, her dad then called 911. At the hospital she was in a coma, and had multi-Organ-failure. Hours went by hours, and she wasn't doing good. She woke up for a few minutes, unwell, before she died she said this, "Dad, its getting to me-." Before passing away a few minutes later, at 7:30am. A few weeks later, Her father arranged her funeral and choose for her to be buried, and they had a funeral.

== Afterward ==
A year, after Juliana's death, her father started a charity/organization to help kids in need with Sickle Cell Disease. So far 190,020$ have been raised, and is still going on today in the bitlife universe. After, everybody in her Familia died *they probably have died already* The whole Familia got buried next to Juliana's Gravestone.