''W.I.P "Work In- Progress"''

In this Zulu name, ''Lethokuhle'' is the first name, ''Mbatha'' is the surname, and ''kaThabo'' is a patronymic.

'''Lethokuhle Mbatha''' (born December 25, 1995) is an amaZulu South African boy and primary school student at Ukuxhasa Primary School, from the Mbatha Clan and a direct patrilineal descendant of Sontshikazi, grandson of the Zulu King Mageba kaGumede.

== Early Life and Education ==
Lethokuhle Mbatha was born a healthy baby boy on December 25, 1995, in Richards Bay, KZN, in South Africa as the result of a random tinder hookup between a 36-year-old single mother and Air Force enlistee named Lesedi Dlamini and a 34-year-old flight attendant named Thabo Mbatha. He had an older half sister (different father) named Lesedi Dlamini, after her mom. His mother had a 2-year-old tan female Persian cat named Gata.

In 1996, Lethokuhle's respective parents got married. Thabo married a 38-year-old makeup artist named Grace Kaphiri, and Lesedi married a 40-year-old apprentice camerman named Ntuthuko Mhlongo. Both of his stepparents were unkind and refused to talk to or spend time with him. Lethokuhle also experienced verbal abuse from his mother growing up. In 1998, he snitched on Lesedi for going into his room, followed by their mother screaming at her. His dad, however, gave him stability, acted as a role model for the achievement of manhood, and instilled in him a pride for his royal Zulu heritage.

In the late 1990s, Lethokuhle made his first friends at daycare, a ruddy-looking redhead boy named Thabani Daniels (in 1997) and a brown-skinned brunette boy named Thamsanqa Nkosi (in 1999). He and his friends made a habit of volunteering for worthy causes together. That year, Lethokuhle watched a football (i.e., soccer) match with his father. His father passed down to him an heirloom from his side of the family, a 2-carat diamond ring, with which Lethokuhle's grandfather Okuhle Mbatha had proposed to his grandmother Daluxolo.

In 2000, Grace hid a fake mouse in Lethokuhle's shoe and laughed when she saw the poor boy scream. This led to an argument, and Thabo began to have concerns about his marriage to Grace. Feeling a little bad, Grace entertained a conversation with Lethokuhle but still refused to spend any meaningful time with him. In 2001, Lethokuhle became friends with a dark-skinned redhead boy from Thabo's neighborhood named Phumlani Ramathipela. By then, Lethokuhle's relationship with his stepmother was improving, similarly with his stepfather. 

In 2002, Lethokuhle was enrolled at Ukuxhasa Primary School, an all-boys school run by a strict, unkind, and unpopular headmaster, the 57-year-old Nobuhle Nokubonga. He was a straight A student and studied consistently, habits that followed him through the rest of his education. 

In 2003, Lethokuhle started walking and hiking routinely. He also started taking Kung Fu lessons with the encouragement of his father.

In 2004, Lethokuhle's mother had him start taking violin lessons and got him a maple violin to practice with.

By 2005, Lethokuhle had a good relationship with both his biological and stepparents. A good relationship with both his fathers led to his being a bit of a double-daddies' boy growing up.

In 2007, Lethokuhle began consistently working out at the gymnasium, Absolute Fitness.

Lethokuhle graduated primary school with the best scores in his class in 2008. His father then enrolled him at St. Amogelang's Secondary School, another all-boys school, this one run by S'bu Jacobs, an overly strict, unkind, and widely hated 36-year-old man. Gata died of complications that year, yet Lethokuhle maintained top grades. Thabani comforted him while he grieved his pet, so they became best friends. Lethokuhle also joined the Web Design Club, having plans to go into technology as a career.

In 2009, Lethokuhle converted to the Protestant denomination of Seventh-day Adventism. His stepfather tried to guide him towards Lutheranism, though. And by then, he was one of the "popular kids" at school. 

In 2010, Lethokuhle was made secretary of his club by its sponsor. The same year, he earned a black belt in Kung Fu, completing his training. 

In 2011, Lethokuhle was elected president of his club by its members. 

In 2012, Lethokuhle got his driver's license. 

In 2013, Lethokuhle graduated secondary school and applied to a university run by Mzamo Nkosiphendule, a popular 69-year-old gay man who wasn't very strict. He began studying for a degree in Engineering. 

In 2014, Lethokuhle helped his best friend move into a new house. By then, Lethokuhle was one of the popular kids at his university. 

In 2016, Lethokuhle graduated from university with an undergraduate degree in engineering.

== Career ==
In 2008, Lethokuhle started working as a news delivery boy for the Richards Bay Journal, making $6 an hour while working 11 hours a week.

Then in 2013, Lethokuhle got a raise of $2 on the hour. 

In 2015, Lethokuhle started working 12 hours a week. 

In 2016, Lethokuhle got a full-time job as a mechanical engineer for the Bear Down Cooperation with a salary of $33,478 annually. He resigned from his position at the Richards Bay Journal. Lethokuhle then poured his effort into productivity and started working 56 hours a week.

In 2021, the corporation gave Lethokuhle a promotion and upped his salary by $5K. 

== Personal Life ==
In 2009, Lethokuhle met a 10/10 girl his age at the gym named Duduzile Khoza. He asked her out, and she readily accepted, so they started dating. Early in their relationship, Lethokuhle gifted Duduzile a Dell Chromebook Laptop she could study with.

In 2013, after dating Duduzile for 4 years, Lethokuhle proposed to her at the food cart of the local mall with the Heirloom ring. Initially she said no, feeling insecure about the public proposal and marrying someone she thought was too good for her. Lethokuhle convinced her, and he proposed a second time at a gondola ride in Durban. After they'd been engaged for a few months, Duduzile got a job as a porn writer, and Lethokuhle broke off the engagement and left her. 

In 2014, Lethokuhle met another 10/10 girl his age at the gym named Simangele Phakama. He asked her out, to which she readily accepted, so they started dating. They hit it off immediately, and Lethokuhle ended up giving Simangele a Roku media player as a gift. In 2015, Simangele tried to take Lethokuhle's virginity. Lethokuhle refused and said he was waiting until marriage. Simangele was hurt and walked out of the room silently. Eventually she came around and Lethokuhle got her some orchids. 

That year, Lethokuhle was diagnosed with high blood pressure, likely as a result of the stress of university, relationships, and his job. He started a vegan diet, hoping it would help remedy his health. 

In 2016, Grace Kaphiri past away, which didn't help Lethokuhle's blood pressure.

In 2017, Simangele threw herself on Lethokuhle a second time, and so she took his virginity. They started having unprotected sex consistently, and Simangele got pregnant. Lethokuhle began making plans to marry her.

In 2018, Simangele bore Lethokuhle his first son and child, whom they named Lethokuhle Mbatha after his father, whom they circumcised. Lethokuhle then proposed to Simangele with the Heirloom Ring at an art gallery they were attending. She accepted, and they got married within the year at a family member's house. They went to the Florida Keys for their honeymoon.

So for the ongoing years that Lethokuhle Mbatha and Simangele Phakama were married from 2018, they had the following children:

# Lesedi Mbatha (2019-)
# Simangele Mbatha (2020-)
# Candice Mbatha (2021-)
# Grace Mbatha (2022-)

In 2019, Simangele got a job as a pilot trainee for Nhlakanipho Airlines and started bringing over $27K into the marriage annually. With a combined income of $60K, they began building a comfortable life together. 

In 2020, Ntuthuko Mhlongo passed away. Lesedi began to ask questions about where "step-gwampa" went. That year, Lethokuhle bought a family dog, a 1-year-old male Rottweiler with a black and brown coat named Thor, whom he renamed Donar. The kids loved him.

In 2021, both of Lethokuhle's parents retired, his mother from the Air Force, making her a veteran.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:South Africans]]
[[Category:Africans]]