== Summary ==
Chris Sellers (1923-2021) was an American veteran and a blacksmith. He had two children, Liam and Christian, with his wife Tozhan Dosaeff-Sellers.
===== Early Life =====
Chris Sellers was born to his mother, Amy Sellers. A product of artificial insemination, he never knew his father's name. When he was only seven, his beloved cat Tabby died when she was ran over by a car. Since she was in his life since the day he was born, he took it awfully. Since he didn't have any siblings, she was his only companion at the time, except for his friend Genevieve, whom he befriended when both were only three years old.

Chris was the vice-president of his middle school Chess Club for one year, before graduating to high school. At his high school, he became both the vice-president of the Chess Club and the captain of the Wrestling Team. After his high school graduation, he enrolled into university as a chemistry major, where he would become both the secretary of the Chess Club and the captain of his university's wresting team. He was a member of the fraternity Beta Theta Pi.
===== Military Career =====
After graduating at 22, he enlisted in the United States Air Force as an officer. When he was only 24, he successfully completed a deployment in Uruguay, earning him a medal. He achieved the rank of Major General before he was forced to retire due to his country setting the mandatory retirement age to 62.
===== Post Military Career =====
After being honorably discharged from the military, he became an apprentice blacksmith. After working for 23 years, 20 for The Frost Group, he retired when he was 86.
===== Personal Life =====
When he was 25, he met Tozhan Dosaeff, a 22-year-old university student. After three years of dating, she proposed to him at a golf course, where he happily accepted. Within the same year they married at a family member's house. Chris Sellers decided to keep his family name; Tozhan decided to hyphenate hers to Dosaeff-Sellers. One year later, Liam Sellers was born, followed by Christian Sellers, who was born a year after him. Tragically, when Mrs. Dosaeff-Sellers was 49, she suffered a first-trimester miscarriage.

When he was 68, he was assaulted by his then-friend Lanika, for reporting her drug usage. This resulted in his thigh being severed, though it did heal. He attempted to sue her for this, but lost. The two never talked to each other again.

Mrs. Dosaeff-Sellers died when she was 78; her body was donated for science. The same year, Chris' friend Genevieve Zucker-Banner died. Since she was his friend for nearly eight decades, her death affected him much more than his other friends' did. After his wife's death, he never dated another woman.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Blacksmiths]]
[[Category:Generals]]
[[Category:World War II veterans]]
[[Category:Korean War veterans]]
[[Category:Vietnam veterans]]