'''Yasuke Takahashi''' (September 29, 1945 - December 10 2023) was a Japanese millionaire [[Careers/Jobs|Porn]] writer, actor star, director, and a cameraman from [[Japan|Tokyo, Japan]] who born in September 29, 1945 making him a Libra.

== Early Life ==
Yasuke born in september 29, 1945 in Tokyo, Japan. He was conceived from his parents honeymoon, when he was 2 years old he started suffering from [[Diseases|E. coli]], in that same year he was cured from E. coli. He started [[Education|primary school]] at the age of 6 according to his teacher he was a passionate and smart fellow, when he was 11 years old he invited a girl named Hikaru Kato to a school dance, the next year he started [[Education|secondary school,]] during secondary school he suffered from bully instead of right he reported him to the teacher, he graduated from secondary school at the age of 15. He applied for [[Education|University]] and was accepted he tried an application for a scholarship but he was rejected, he then ask his parents to pay his [[Education|tuition]] but his parents refused, he took a student loan to pay for his university tuition. At age 16 he had been diagnosed with [[Diseases|hives]], the next year he was cured from hives. When he was 19 years old he graduate from university with an undergraduate degree in [[Career Collections|history]], he tried for two jobs [[Career Collections|school teacher]] and [[Career Collections|school psychologists]] but didn't get an interview he then was hired for the position of [[Careers/Jobs|Porn Writer]] for Wanderlust Productions with a salary of $29,382

== Porn Career ==
After he was hired for the position of Porn writer his salary raised from $29,382 to $33,173. He began dating with his future wife Mia Khalifa, he tried to become a porn director in Tokyo Productions but didn't get an interview, after that he was hired for the position of Porn actor with a salary of %65,399, he then have been given a raised of 0.6%. His salary was %69,190. at the age of 25 he went [[Activities|clubbing]] at Apex where he would cheat on his girlfriend with a night stand named Mitski Okada. At the age of 27 he had been promoted to Porn star with a salary of %90,042. During that year good, his father died due to a heart attack, but his girlfriend Mia got pregnant but unfortunately she had miscarriage and lost the baby, he then joined social media and started posting things about his work which gained him a lot of followers. When he was 31 he have been promoted to Porn director with a salary of 112,790 making him the highest paid porn director in Japan, after that his girlfriend Mia got pregnant. the next year his baby girl born her name was Stormy Takahashi, he then proposed to Mia and she accepted. The next year at the age of 33, his fiancee Mia got pregnant again, he then married her at a [[Events|restaurant]]. They went to [[Netherlands|Amsterdam, Netherlands]] for their honeymoon. When he was 34 his son Sasuke Takahashi born, he vaccinate his daughter Stormy. At the age of 39 he have been given a raise of 37.9%. His salary was $549,561. When he was 59 his mom died due to esophageal cancer, he inherited %43,788. The next year he was fired from his job as a porn director for Wanderlust Productions. He thanked the supervisor for the opportunity. He then was hired for the position of Apprentice Cameraman for Toucan TV with a salary of %60,291. When he was 60 he had a botched [[Plastic Surgery|penis enlargement surgery]]. The next year he had been promoted to Cameraman with a salary of %73,697. At the age of 70 he would cheat on his wife Mia with a night stand named Atsumi Okamoto. At the age of 78 he would died while sleeping peacefully. His net worth at the time of his death was $6,876,171, he was widely considered as the greatest Porn actor, star, and director.

== Family ==
His dad was a retired trucker (age 62) named Haruto Takahashi, his mother was an architect (age 23) named Airi Takahashi, he also has a sister named Shiori Takahashi. He had a wife named Mia Takahashi after his death she inherited 2 million dollars they were married for over 40 years, they had two children a girl named Stormy Takahashi, and Sasuke Takahashi they both inherited 1 million dollars. Yasuke had a grandchildren son of Sasuke, he adopted a coyote named Sirius, he had a niece named Yuna Messi.

== Cars and houses ==
When he was 51 he bought a Historic Tudor home for $1,137,837, 4 years later he passed his driving test and bought 4 cars a purple Chevrolet Corvette for $53,666, a white Cadillac Escalade for $85,899, a green Porsche 911 for $88,143, and a green Mercedes-Benz S-Class for %98,905. He bought a Tiny house for $28,225.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Japanese People]]