{{Infobox character|name=Jason Knight-Tran|birthDate=March 14, 1995|birthPlace=Gold Coast, Australia|deathDate=January 27, 2024|deathPlace=Tampa, Florida, U.S.|gender=Male}}

'''Jason Knight-Tran''' (March 14, 1995 - January 27, 2024) was an Australian-American grocer. He was best known for his early murder at age 28.

==Biography==
===Early life===
Knight-Tran was born on March 14, 1995, in Gold Coast, Australia, to Kai Knight-Tran (born 1959) and Paige Knight-Tran (born 1959). He had a brother named Thomas (born 1991) and a family dog named Margot. Jason was known for his aggressive relationship with his brother, who he assaulted at the age of 4. After graduating secondary school at age 17, Knight-Tran worked as a worm picker for Phillips of Gold Coast. He immigrated to the United States at age 18.

===Later life===
After his arrival in Tampa, Florida, Knight-Tran worked several jobs, including as a Coast Guard seaman and a receptionist, but was fired on both occasions for poor performance after one year of work. At age 20, he began work as an apprentice grocer for Tann Foods, the job he would hold for the rest of his life. 

During his 20s, Knight-Tran suffered from anxiety and the flu. On January 27, 2024, while walking down the street, Knight-Tran saw a bus driver selling drugs and confronted him. The bus driver beat him to death, loosening Knight-Tran's testicle and shattering his skull. His parents and brother attended his funeral.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Australians]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Young people]]