'''Keth Sheehan''' (January 25, 1998 - July 6, 2021) was a Greenhorn in Ireland. He was conceived after a skydiving instructor charmed his way inside his mother during a tandem jump. 

== Early life (Age 0 (1998)-12 (2010)) ==
At ''age 1 (1999)'', His mother married Cillian Rees-Molony, a 37-year-old wedding planner with two children.

At ''age 2 (2000)'', His stepbrother, Samuel, started secondary school & His stepbrother, Neil, started primary school.

At ''age 3 (2001)'', He sang the ABC's at the mall for a kiddie talent show, and he started to spend time with his mother.

At ''age 4 (2002)'', He broke his mother's flower pot and then lied about it.

At ''age 5 (2003)'', His stepbrother, Samuel, graduated from secondary school, & his mother and his stepfather had a baby boy named Matthew Rees-Molony, his new half brother

At ''age 6 (2004)'', His stepbrother, Samuel, started a new position as Probationary Firefighter for Dublin Fire Department, He has been enrolled in primary school at Taylor Primary School, & he became friends with Ciaran O'Hara.

At ''age 7 (2005)'', nothing about his life happened.

At ''age 8 (2006)'', His stepbrother, Samuel, has been promoted to Firefighter, His stepbrother, Neil, started junior secondary school, & he went on a family vacation to New York City.

At ''age 9 (2007)'', His stepbrother, Neil, has been diagnosed with diarrhea, & his mutt, Jay, sadly died peacefully at home as he finally succumbed to old age.

At ''age 10 (2008)'', His stepbrother, Samuel, moved out and has been promoted to Fire Equipment Operator, His stepbrother, Neil, is no longer suffering from diarrhea, His half brother, Matthew, has been diagnosed with pneumonia.

At ''age 11 (2009)'', His stepbrother, Neil, started secondary school, His half brother, Matthew, started primary school and no longer has pneumonia.

At ''age 12 (2010)'', His stepbrother, Samuel, has been promoted to Lieutenant, He has started junior secondary school at St. Colm's Junior Secondary School, & he asked a girl from school named Helena Bulger to the school dance, she sadly rejected him.
== Education ==
At ''age 6 (2004)'', he has been enrolled in primary school at Taylor Primary School.
=== In primary school ===
At ''age 6 (2004)'', He became friends with Ciaran O'Hara, turned into best friends at ''age 7 (2005)'', then forgotten at ''age 14 (2012)''.

At ''age 12 (2010)'', He started junior secondary school at St. Colm's Junior Secondary School.
=== In junior secondary school ===
At ''age 12 (2010)'', He asked a girl from school named Helena Bulger to the school dance, She sadly rejected him.

At ''age 13 (2011)'', He joined the hipsters clique.

At ''age 15 (2013)'', He started secondary school at St. Thomas's Secondary School.
=== In secondary school ===
At ''age 15 (2013)'', He became friends with Scott Carney, and turned into best friends at ''age 16 (2014)''.

At ''age 16 (2014)'', He became friends with Shane Doyle, and forgotten at ''age 19 (2017)''.
== Career ==
At ''age 18 (2016)'', He was hired for the position of Greenhorn for McCormick Seafoods with a salary of €36,052 ($40,778)

At ''age 20 (2018)'', He has been given a raise of 12.9% in his position as Greenhorn, His salary is now €40,704 ($46,040)

At ''age 22 (2020)'', He has been given a raise of 11.4% in his position as Greenhorn, His salary is now €45,357 ($51,303)

== Personal Life ==
At ''age 17 (2015)'', He failed his driving test on the first try, in the second try, he passed his driving test.

At ''age 18 (2016)'', He made a doctor's appointment for hives, luckily he got treated.

At ''age 22 (2020)'', He dated Lucy Parnell,
== Death ==
At ''age 23 (2021)'', He died after suffering a massive heart attack, His services were attended by his mother, his new girlfriend, Lucy, his three brothers, and his two nephews. His net worth at the time of his death was €55,129 ($62,346).

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Irish People]]
[[Category:Young people]]