'''Julian Soltero''' (June 16, 1922 - January 9, 2015) was a Canadian-Puerto Rican Museum Director.

== Early Life ==
Julian was born on June 16, 1922 in San Juan. His mother, Mariposa Alvarez (6/26/1881-5/29/1975), was a Insurance agent. His father, Fabian Soltero (11/24/1881-8/18/1960), was an travel agent. He had an older Brother, Fernando (1/9/1919-8/1/1997). He had a Great connection with his friends and family, especially with the family pussycat, Berlin (1921-1935), His Parents got divorced in 1932. Mariposa Married Sergio Albino (6/4/1896-9/26/1974) on  2/3/1934. Causing him to be a step brother to Yamil Albino (4/19/1921-3/19/1999) and Luis Albino (11/22/1932-8/30/2004)

Julian was mostly scared of his Stepfather due to how strict he was.

After Julian moved to Vancouver. He would come to San Juan every 2 years following his emigration until the death of Luis in 2004.

== Career ==
In 1940, at 18 years old, Julian Emigrated to Vancouver Canada and went to university there. He graduated in 1944. Then he was hired by the Omni Foundation for their Exhibit Associate opening. He was promoted 3 times in a course of 18 years.

Assistant Curator 1950

Curator 1956

Museum Director 1962

He Retired in 1988 after 44 years of working at the Omni Foundation.

== Personal Life ==
Simmons met his wife at university, Michelle Lee (12/7/1922-2/3/2021), an architect, in 1940. After three years of dating, they married in 1943.  They remained married until Julian's death. Their first child was named Hugo Soltero (2/6/1946-), was a baby boy born in 1946. Their Second child  was named Will Soltero (5/11/1947-), was a baby boy born one year later. He adopted a Alaskan Malamute puppy named Lucy in 1967. She died in 1979. His first Grandchild was Mia Soltero (9/26/1981-) a daughter whose father was Will Soltero. His Second Grandchild was Terrence Soltero (4/16/1985-) a son whose father was Hugo Soltero. He encounterd a Siberian Husky named Misha (1984-1996) in 1991. He decided to keep it as a pet. Even though Michelle argued with him they got over it and decided to keep the Siberian Husky. She died in 1996 after escaping from home.

== Death ==
Julian Soltero passed away on January 9th, 2015 at grand old age of 92. His services were attended by his devoted wife, Michelle, his two loving sons, Hugo and Will, and his two grandchildren. A strapping and witty man, he studied history at university. Julian was hired as a museum worker and put in 44 years at Omni Foundation. Friends smile when remembering how he once called his stepfather in the late 1930s a world-class.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Canadians]]