{{Infobox character 
|name = Nick Handy 
|image = Nick Handy Grave.png 
|aliases = Nick the Pickler|relatives=Maya Handy (mother)<br>Marvin Handy (father)<br>Skylar Handy (sister)<br>Vivian Handy (daughter)
|affiliation = California General Hospital (1984-1988)<br>Licciardi Family (1993-2024) 
|marital = Widowed 
|birthDate = August 19, 1955 
|birthPlace = California, United States 
|deathDate = 2024 (aged 68-69) 
|deathPlace = California Federal Penitentiary 
|species = Human 
|gender = Male 
}} 

'''Nick Handy''' (August 19, 1955 - 2024) was an American surgeon, serial killer, and mobster from California.

== Early life ==
Nick was born on August 19 to both a receptionist and a real-estate agent and was conceived on his parents' honeymoon. He had an older sister named Skylar.

In elementary school, he befriended a boy named Jonathan Andrews and took notes on rising conflicts between Finland and Iraq.

His dog died during childhood to a surprise heart attack, which caused him to be saddened for a month before he got over it.

== Career ==
Nick graduated medical school when he was 29 and became a brain surgeon at California General Hospital 4 years later. After his murders were uncovered, Nick was fired and lost his medical license. 

When he was 38, he became a member of the Licciarci family, a notorious crime syndicate. After several years, Nick overthrew the godfather and became the leader of the family until his death in 2024.

== Legal issues ==
Starting from age 19, Nick was arrested for shooting his teacher and classmate in drive-by shootings. Nick was found not guilty, however.

Nick would later kill a cowboy before cheating on his girlfriend with Jonathan’s girlfriend, causing Jonathan to declare him an enemy. Nick proceeded to kill his girlfriend.

Later, he would have a hookup with a girl named Kirsten, who gave birth to Vivianne. Nick then killed Kirsten.

Nick then killed two strangers and Jonathan’s ex before being arrested again and sentenced to death. Nick escaped with a guard's uniform. This is when he joined the Licciarcis.

During his time in the family, he extorted multiple businesses, which resulted in him killing multiple people who refused to give the family money, and killed his father and sister (his mother was dead at this point) for refusing to reconnect with him.

He was caught killing a business manager and was sent back to prison before escaping again with a guard uniform.

After becoming an underboss, he killed the godfather and became the Godfather. This success didn’t last long, as after killing Jonathan and a stranger, he was caught again and sent to jail.

== Death ==
This time, the prison put up all their spare suits so Nick couldn’t escape and was killed through electric chair. He had 25 kills and only his daughter attended the funeral.

His daughter would become a member of the police force shortly before his death.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Doctors]]
[[Category:Serial killers]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]