'''Raven Cross''' (2394-2484) was an American mailwoman and convicted burglar.

== Early life (2394-2413) ==
Cross was born Rocky de Vil in Jacksonville, Florida. In 2401, she was adopted by [[Edith Cross]], making her the elder of her two children. She came out of the closet as a transgender girl and changed her name.

In 2407, Cross trolled the BitLife developers on Facebook.

In 2408, Cross got a part-time job as a pool cleaner for Jade Reyes Aquatic Center.

In 2410, Cross got a second part-time job as a laser tag assistant for Jacksonville Square.

Cross went to St. Serena’s High School and graduated in 2412.

In 2413, Cross bought a Lamborghini Aventador.

== Later life (2436-2464) ==
In 2436, Cross had Botox. She resigned from her part-time jobs.

In 2443, Cross adopted a Pomeranian named Kevin (2433-2445).

In 2444, Cross worked out with an OnlyFans creator named Joe Santos.

In 2450, Cross was briefly a mailwoman for the City of Jacksonville.

In 2457, Cross adopted an Abyssinian cat named Nas (2451-2460).

In 2464, Cross donated blood at Jacksonville Bloodworks.

== Prison sentence (2471-2474) ==
In 2471, Cross burgled a hipster’ house and was sentenced to one year in prison. She attempted to escape, and her sentence was increased by two years. She appealed to the 5th Florida District Court of Appeal, but lost. She served her sentence at Light Jail.

In 2474, Cross was released from prison.

== Death ==
In 2484, Cross died of a stroke. She was cremated and her ashes were scattered from a hot air balloon.

== Relationship and child ==
Cross had an adopted son:

# [[Diego Cross]] 

In 2450, Cross seduced her co-worker, a bus driver named Jacob Kim-Castillo (2407-after 2474).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Mail Carriers]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Burglars]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:LGBT Characters]]