'''Theo Hamilton, Jr.''' (2330-2449), formerly '''Baron of Warwick''', was a British-Korean nobleman, policeman, construction worker, fireman, and bubblegum singer.

== Baron of Warwick (2330-2355) ==
Hamilton was born in Southampton, England. He was the younger of two children born to [[Theo Hamilton]] and the only one born to his second wife, the Viscountess of Crumpet.

In 2349, Hamilton enrolled at the University of Southampton. He majored in physics.

In 2353, Hamilton graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Physics.

In 2355, Hamilton abdicated. He was briefly a police officer for the Hampshire and Isle of Wight Constabulary and a construction worker for the Knight Company.

== Firefighting career (2355-2360) ==
In 2355, Hamilton became a firefighter for the Hampshire and Isle of Wight Fire and Rescue Service.

In 2357, Hamilton was promoted to fire equipment operator.

In 2359, Hamilton was promoted to lieutenant.

In 2360, Hamilton resigned.

== Music career (2360-2443) ==
In 2360, Hamilton signed with Capital Records as a pop singer. He released his first bubblegum album, ''Shouts from the Rooftop'', which went diamond in less than a year.

In 2362, Hamilton released his second album, ''Brotherhood of the Traipsing Brothers'', which went gold in 2363.

In 2364, Hamilton released his third album, ''The Celebrity Monster'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2376.

In 2368, Hamilton released his fourth album, ''CARTPOP'', which went gold in 2369.

In 2373, Hamilton released his fifth album, ''Hold onto My Leg'', which went diamond in less than a year.

In 2375, Hamilton released his sixth album, ''Baby Daddy Two More Times'', which went gold in 2376.

In 2382, Hamilton released his seventh album, ''Whitney Freaking Aguilera!'', which went diamond in less than a year.

In 2387, Hamilton released his eighth album, ''Back to Red'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2388.

In 2392, Hamilton released his ninth album, ''Hoodlums and Pilots'', which went diamond in less than a year.

In 2394, Hamilton released his 10th album, ''Ultrasonic'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2406.

In 2396, Hamilton released his 11th album, ''Segments, Creepers, and Difficulties'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2405.

In 2401, Hamilton released his 12th album, ''Darling Six More Times'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2408.

In 2406, Hamilton released his 13th album, ''Cut Ecstasy'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 2411, Hamilton released his 14th album, ''Sisterhood of the Troubling Genes'', which went double platinum in less than a year and diamond in 2412.

In 2416, Hamilton released his 15th album, ''Always Your Girlfriend'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2424.

In 2421, Hamilton released his 16th album, ''Frequently Your Lady'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 2426, Hamilton released his 17th album, ''I’ve Got the Tower'', which went diamond in less than a year.

In 2430, Hamilton released his 18th album, ''Glitter and Diamonds'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2437.

In 2435, Hamilton released his 19th album, ''Suprasonic'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2440.

In 2439, Hamilton released his 20th album, ''I Guess He Knows'', which went gold in 2440.

In 2442, Hamilton released his 21st album, ''Judy Freaking Manson!'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2443, Hamilton retired and emigrated to Gangnam, South Korea.

== Death ==
In 2449, Hamilton died of old age.

== Marriage, relationship, and children ==
In 2352, Hamilton married Mercy Hamilton (née Adams-Martin, 2330-2440), who became Baroness of Warwick. Upon his abdication, she ceased to be Baroness. She became a lobbyist in 2356 and retired in 2396. They had three children:

# Tilda Hamilton II (2353-2365)
# Madison Hamilton (2354-2441), environmental scientist
# Theo Hamilton III (2355-2436), news reporter
In 2441, Hamilton started dating a dancer named Elizabeth Woodcock (2417-2510). They had two children:

# Tilda Hamilton III (2442-2451)
# [[Theo Hamilton IV]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Royality]]
[[Category:Barons]]
[[Category:Firefighters]]
[[Category:Police officers]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Supercentenarians]]
[[Category:Koreans]]