'''Daniel Preston Willikers''' (January 11, 1921 - December 25, 2021) was an American business analyst and executive. He was the CEO of Vitality Global from 1996 until his death in 2021. Willikers was also a Marine who served in World War II and the Korean War. During his time as a professional businessman, he would become the founder and owner of several companies, one being his eponymous '''Willikers Inc.''', a multi-purpose conglomerate. 

==Early life and education==
Dan was born in Memphis to Tiara Willikers (1887 - 1974) and Nicholas Willikers (1872 - 1947). His father was a delivery driver who originally transported goods by cattle horses, but later upgraded to trucking when the first modern trucks were made. His mother was a reporter. He had a twin brother, Duke (1921 - 1943), a real estate agent for Nevaeh Monroe Real Estate. Duke died at age twenty-two from heart cancer, which he developed at age thirteen; Duke would later become the subject of a hoax claiming that he was a fallen soldier in World War II, which was believed for many years until Dan found out and debunked the story. His grandfather was Preston Willikers (c. 1840s - 1930s), a Union soldier who fought in the Civil War. 

Willikers attended University of Memphis (then known as Memphis State College). He became president of the Academic Decathlon Club, where he won many awards. He was also a member of the puzzle and science clubs, and a loyal member of the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity. Willikers graduated in 1943 with an undergraduate degree in marketing. His college education also included an ROTC program due to his academics coinciding with the war.

==Business school and military career==
After completing college, Willikers applied to business school and was accepted. He was denied a scholarship and his parents refused to pay tuition, so he had to take out a student loan. After finishing business school in 1945, Willikers joined the US Marines and participated in the last days of World War II in the Pacific. He served for six years, reaching the rank of captain before his honorable discharge in 1951 shortly after he returned home from fighting in Korea.

==Business career==
In 1951, Vitality Global hired Wiillikers for their business analyst opening. He was promoted to the Sr. position in 1961. In 1966, Willikers became the Vitality Global's Assistant Vice President to then-President(s) (TBA). He got promoted to First VP in 1974 and Executive VP in 1982. Willikers became Managing Director in 1992. Just four years later, in 1996, he became the CEO of Vitality Global and would serve in the position until his death.

==Personal life==
During Dan's sophomore year in high school, his classmate, Tara Rodriguez (1921 - 2022) asked him out. They dated for ten years and married in 1946. Tara was a dancer at Destiny Studios. 

Children:

- Garrett (born 1950) 

- Darell (born 1951)

- Heather (1952 - 1983); clerk at Memphis Public Library. 

- Tara II (born 1963)

Dan was allegedly related to serial killer [[Jessica Willikers]]. He neither denied nor confirmed this speculation, though he occasionally referred to a "Cousin Jess" that might fit Jessica Willikers' description. Willikers' daughter, Heather, died in 1983.

==Death==
Willikers died on late Christmas Day of 2021, from complications of old age, surrounded by his family. Before he died, he gave his family generous gifts of early inheritance. He was survived by his three children, five grandchildren and niece. Willikers was given military honors at his funeral and was named an honorary Major by the Marines. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Marines]]
[[Category:World War II veterans]]
[[Category:Korean War veterans]]