{{Infobox BitLifeApp
|title1= Cancer
|image1=FB_372937293729
|launched_on_ios:= September 2018 (default)
|launched_on_android:=February 2019 (default)
}}
A '''Cancer''' is the worst type of disease. Like any other disease, you can randomly get it. It is extremely hard to cure and will lead to a quick [[Death|death]] if not cured. However, characters can still live as long as the health bar is still high and the player attempts to treat the disease. It is the most common [[Diseases/Deadly diseases|deadly illness in the game]]. It is likely that your character could contract a cancer when they are mid-aged or while in prison. If a character dies from any cancer while very young, they will get the ''Unlucky'' [[Ribbons|ribbon]]. If the character is still in their childhood or an adult in prison when they contracted the cancer, there is a higher chance they will die. Having a gender-specific cancer will not go away with [[Plastic Surgery|gender reassignment surgery]], they will still continue to suffer from it and the player will still need their character cured as with all other cancers. [[Relationships]] could die from cancer. [[Pets]] may also get cancer and could [[Death/Pets|die]] from it as well. The tanning bed can cause cancer of the skin, especially when you're older. 

== Types of cancer in BitLife ==
* Stomach
* Thyroid
* Lung
* Pancreatic (game calls cancer of the pancreas.)
* Breast
* Prostate (occurs only in male characters)
* Buttocks (oddly separate from anal cancer)
* Ovarian (occurs in only female characters, game calls it cancer of the ovary)
* Anal (game calls cancer of the anus)
* Rectum
* Gallbladder
* Mouth
* Penile (occurs only in male characters)
* Vaginal (occurs only in female characters)
* Brain
* Heart 
* Eyebrow 
* Scalp
* Skin
* Eyeball
* Liver
* Kidney
* Testicular (game calls it Cancer of the Testes)
* Esophageal (only in family members)
* Thumb (only in other family members, your character cannot contract this)
* Finger (only in other family members, your character cannot contract this)
* Leukemia (only in [[Pets|pets]] and [[Relationships]])
* Adam's Apple (following the August 2019 update)
* Fist
* Scrotum
* Nipple (relatives only) 
* Foot (relatives only) 
* Eyelid (relatives only) 
* Spleen 
* Face (relatives only) 
* Toenail (relatives only) 
* Torso (relatives only) 
* Waist (relatives only)
* Some of these sound weird, but they are all in the game.
* Cancer can also be healed by praying for health
[[Category:Medical]]
[[Category:BitLife]]