'''Scott Slaughter''' (1964 - 1986) was an American author and murder victim. He was a writer of unique short stories and novels from his high school graduation until his death in 1986 at the hands of his girlfriend, [[Amaya Simpson]]. 

==Life and career== 
Slaughter was born in Denver. His father was a draft dodger, and though the family maintains that Scott and both his parents grew up happy together, it is alleged that Scott's father was eventually drafted and shipped to Vietnam. 

Slaughter developed a passion for writing in school. He would recount experiences with friends and family, and incorporated local and national legends to his stories. He was also inspired by numerous legendary authors, such as Stephen King, H. P. Lovecraft, F. Scott Fitzgerald, J.D. Salinger, John Steinbeck, Jack Kerouac, J. R. R. Tolkien, and many others.

==Death and legacy== 
In 1986, Slaughter and Simpson argued over Simpson not wanting to go on birth control. The issue had originated five years prior when their daughter, [[Sydney Simpson|Sydney]], was born during their senior year of high school. Simpson got angry and murdered him with a toaster in his bathtub. 

Besides his daughter, Sydney, Slaughter is also survived by extended family members, including nieces, nephews, cousins and supposed younger aunts and uncles. 

Slaughter had written so many projects, that there are still many posthumous works of his being published to this day. How he had the time to write all the stories remains a mystery. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Authors/Writers]]
[[Category:Young people]]