{{Infobox_character
|name = Walter "Heisenberg" White 
|aliases = Heisenberg<br> 
|relatives =  
|affiliation = Rock Scars Drug Cartel<br>Red Scabs Drug Cartel <small>(formerly)</small><br>New Mexico Highlands University <small>(formerly)</small>
|sexuality = Heterosexual 
|species = Human 
|gender = Male 
|eyes = Blue|image=WalterHartwellWhite70s.webp|birthDate=September 7, 1958|deathDate=December 19th, 2044 <small> (Age 86) </small>|deathPlace=Albuquerque, New Mexico|birthPlace=Mendocino, California|imagecaption=White in his 70s}}

'''Walter Hartwell White''' was an American drug manufacturer, gifted chemist, and scientist based out of Albuquerque, New Mexico. At a young age, White joined the Red Scabs cartel, becoming known as "Heisenberg". He worked his way up through the ranks for years until he overthrew the cartel queenpin and assumed control of the Red Scabs, running the most successful domestic drug distribution network in the American southwest with an estimated net worth of $116,000,000 by the time he left the cartel at age 46 and became a university professor.

In his early 50s, White re-emerged from suburban life and entered the drug trade once more. He would spend nearly a decade ascending the ranks of the Rock Scars Drug Cartel before overthrowing the queenpin, Back Alley Bobbie Sue, reclaiming his status and the title of Heisenberg. His rule was characterized by extreme aggression against competitors and law enforcement, often taking down and absorbing dozens of rival cartels and syndicates a year, which included destroying the resurgent Red Scabs twice over. White's notoriety increased tenfold as he once again dominated the drug trade covering the American southwest and southern California, and he would go on to amass a fortune of $2 billion dollars by his mid 70s.

After his passing, White would be renowned as the most infamous and successful drug kingpin in American history. Due to the erasure and classification of his biography and police profile by an unknown party after his death, little information is known about White's private life or specific details regarding his criminal career; what follows is incomplete and pieced together from various trustworthy sources.

== Biography ==

=== Early life ===
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Teachers]]
[[Category:Drug dealers]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Kingpins]]