'''Luna Konig, Sr.''' (4322-December 31, 4396) was a German grocer and convicted murderer.

== Early life (4322-4344) ==
Konig was born in Stuttgart, Germany. In 4323, she was adopted by [[Eva Grieg II]] and her first husband Leon Winter.

In 4340, Konig enrolled at the University of Stuttgart.

== Career (4344-4358) ==
In 4344, Konig graduated from university with a BS in History. She became an apprentice grocer for Allure Foods.

In 4346, Konig was promoted to grocer.

== Prison sentence (4358-4396) ==
In 4358, Konig was arrested for murdering her first two husbands and attempting to murder her third husband. She tried to bribe the police officers arresting her, but they arrested her anyway and bribery was added to the charges. She was convicted and sentenced to life in prison. She served her sentence at Gung Ho Max Security Prison.

On December 31, 4396, Konig died of old age in prison.

== Marriages and children ==
On December 31, 4354, Konig married a grocer named Jannik Bauer I (4323-4358). They had three children, Bruno Bauer (4355-4365), [[Mattis Bauer]], and Luna Konig, Jr. (4358-4371). Konig murdered Bauer with a set of plastic vampire teeth after making love.

Less than a year after murdering Bauer, Konig married a grocer named Leo Carter (d. 4358). She murdered him with a set of plastic vampire teeth after making love to him for the first time.

Less than a year after murdering Carter, Konig married an insurance agent named Leopold Klein (4340-after 4397).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]