'''Frederick Clifford Silverstein''' (September 20, 1976 - September 13, 2022), also known by his various self-made stage names, such as "'''Freddy Clifton'''," "'''Silver Freddy'''," "'''Lieutenant Silver'''," and others, was an American mobster, soldier, and musician. After spending much of his childhood playing the drums, he aspired to become a professional drummer, but did not meet much success. He worked as a music composer in the late 1990s before later joining the military. Silverstein's criminal career was largely defined by his involvement with the Colosimo crime family, with whom he worked for until his murder. 

==Early life and education==
Freddy was born in Chattanooga, Tennesse to Aria (1940 - 2015) and Clifford Silverstein (1941 - 2014). His father was a hairdresser and Vietnam veteran, while his mother worked as an internal auditor. He has an older brother, Woodrow ("Woody"; born 1970), a restaurateur at Precious' Diner who considered volunteering as a soldier to fight in the Gulf War, but was deemed unfit for service due to having some minor physical and mental health problems. The Silverstein family also owned a cat named Panther (d. 1986). Freddy also had a relative named Samuel "Sammy" Silverstein (1930 - c. 2020s), a politician who ran for the Mayor of New Haven, Connecticut in the 1988 election, losing to lawyer and future U.S. President [[Henry Shrub]]. Freddy attended private elementary, middle, and high schools, which included Phan Elementary, Royalty Middle School, and Maestro High. 

Having a passion for music, Silverstein started taking drum lessons at the age of six at the encouragement of his parents. He really enjoyed playing the drums and would often provide entertainment for family gatherings. He was a member of the foreign language club in middle school and high school. Also in middle school, he partook in the environment club, honor society, student council, and religious club. Silverstein enjoyed a spot in the "popular kids" clique. He became the vice-president of the middle school foreign language club in eighth grade, and he became the president of his high school's foreign language club in his junior-to-senior year. Silverstein graduated from Maestro High in 1994. 

Silverstein initially planned to try and start his professional music career straight out of high school. However, after finding no luck with any potential labels during the summer of 1994, he decided to get an advanced education to obtain higher qualifications and credibility. Thus, he enrolled at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga and was awarded a scholarship. At the university, Silverstein became a successful student-actor, joining the drama club, of which he became president in 1997. He also joined the fashion club, key club, and Amnesty International. In addition to being accepted by the band geeks clique for his drumming skills, he successfully rushed and was admitted to Alpha Epsilon Pi, for which he became the fraternity's "designated drummer" for their events. Silverstein graduated UTC in 1998, obtaining his bachelor's degree in music.

==Musicianship==
Silverstein struggled to get his career afloat after UTC. He continuously searched for bands in need of a drummer, with no luck. He even tried to find work as an extra for the film ''A Chorus Trapezoid'' as a dancer, but he never got a call back. Silverstein then decided to use his drumming skills and college degree in another way; he secured an interview at Namaste Entertainment for the apprentice music composer opening. Silverstein got the job, much to the joy of his friends and family.

During the holiday season of 1999, Silverstein wrote the music for an original New Year's-styled piece. He performed it on the drums at his company's New Year's Eve party, as they transitioned into the new millennium. The score was well-recieved, and had since appeared in numerous media. In late 2001, Silverstein focused on more serious compositions, such as heartwarming melodies to instill hope in the nation following 9/11.

==Military service==
Dissatisfied with his job as a music composer, Silverstein quit Namaste Entertainment in 2002 to join the United States Army as an officer. He participated in the War on Terror, having felt personally affected by the September 11 attacks, whereas some of the many victims were a few close friends he made. However, Silverstein's other motive for joining the military was the idea of becoming a war hero so that he'd have a better shot at becoming a professional drummer, a mindset similar to that of DJ-turned-Marine [[Max Brewer]]. 

After his first full year of service, Silverstein received his only rank promotion to first lieutenant, and a salary increase of roughly $9,000. In 2006, while stationed between Afghanistan and Iraq, he learned of his wife's first-trimester miscarriage and was granted temporary leave to be with her. He gained noteworthy media attention in 2007 when he called his fellow soldier a "useless maggot" after she challenged his battlefield tactics in front of his platoon. Video of the incident surfaced online and went viral on YouTube, earning Silverstein some minor notoriety. In 2008, following his armed robbery conviction, he was dishonorably discharged from the Army, stripped of all his titles, honors, and veteran benefits. 

===Dates of rank===
* Second Lieutenant (2002-2003) 
* First Lieutenant (2003-2008) 
* Demotion to Second Lieutenant (2008; post-arrest, pre-conviction) 
* Dishonorably Discharged (2008; post-conviction)

==Criminal career==
===1984-1986: Early beginnings===
Silverstein's criminal history originated during his childhood. At the age of eight, he pickpocketed $69 from a creeper and $48 from a gangster. Between the two successful thefts, he attempted to pickpocket another creeper but was attacked in the process. The creeper shot Silverstein's brain, but he survived, because it was a BB gun. In 1986 (at age nine or ten), Silverstein burgled the home of a mobster, stealing a teddy bear, a laptop (one of the early versions), $10,201 in cash ($31,327.77 in 2025), a guitar, and a television. He traded the items for $21,169 ($65,011.04 in 2025). Although he was initially intrigued by the guitar, he still opted not to keep it because he was a better drummer than a guitar player. He allegedly even gave the guitar to a friend who was aspiring to become a popular guitarist but couldn't afford their own guitar. After this, Silverstein would go another two decades without committing another crime.

===2008 bank robbery===
In 2008, shortly after his purchase of a $60,000+ Porsche Boxter (nearly $90,000 in 2025), Silverstein was caught attempting to rob Doyle Savings & Loan with a blowgun, disguised as a military general (intentionally choosing said costume due to being an actual soldier). During his arrest, he unsuccessfully tried to escape in the Boxster, which police determined he had purchased with the intent of using as a getaway vehicle. As per his status as an Army officer, Silverstein was court-martialed and charged with armed robbery and running from the police. Represented by Carballo & Associates, he pled not guilty to both charges. The trial lasted until after the 2008 presidential election. On November 3, the eve of the election, Silverstein was granted temporary supervised release from custody so he could have the opportunity to vote. He voted for the winning candidate, Barack Obama. Several days after the election, Silverstein was found guilty of armed robbery, attempted escape and fraudulent impersonation of a senior military officer. After being dishonorably discharged from the army, he was sentenced to 11 years in prison and began serving his sentence at Gung Ho Correctional Institution. 

In the weeks following his conviction, Silverstein hired Ortiz & Associates to appeal the decision. While waiting, he received permission for a conjugal visit with his wife. Shortly afterwards, his sentence was overturned, and he was released from prison.

===2009-2015: Petty crime spree and prison===
After getting out of jail, Silverstein resumed his string of crimes in 2009. It was during this time when he first came into contact with the Colosimo crime family. He spent two whole months relaying messages between captains and associates. As an act of rejection, members of the family beat up Silverstein, grappling his heel, smacking his rump, trampling his nose, and loosening his thigh. Upon recovering from the hospital, he tried to burgle a hipster's house, only to get spotted by said owner, managing to flee before the cops arrived. He later pickpocketed a fellow pickpocket, only to be met with an empty wallet, which he left for the original owner to retrieve. In 2010, Silverstein burgled two homes, one belonging to a jock, and the other to a professional twerker. He stole the jock's TV, teddy bear, and laptop, trading them for $1,444. He stole the twerker's guitar, laptop, teddy bear, and TV, trading them for $3,093. He also attempted to burgle the house of a bodybuilder, only to be scared away by their dog. 

In 2011, Silverstein attempted to burgle three more houses owned respectively by a weeb, MILF, and bouncer, the latter of which he was caught, tried to escape, and apprehended. Pleading not guilty to the charges of burglary and attempted escape, he hired Carballo & Associates to represent him in court. Receiving a guilty verdict, Silverstein was sentenced to four years in Dempsey Jail. He unsuccessfully aimed for an appeal by Ortiz & Associates. Having settled in for the next few years ahead, Silverstein used his Army experience to secure a prison job as military bedding maker. Between 2012 and 2013, he developed the flu and gout. In 2014, during the early stages of his divorce proceedings, his father died while sleeping peacefully, aged 73. While official prison records state he was still in jail during the funeral, Silverstein claimed that he had managed to apply for a temporary release to visit his father in his last days. Despite photographic evidence of Silverstein at his father's deathbed and at the funeral, Dempsey Jail has stated that there are no such records of allowing him out of the prison before his scheduled release a year later. 

Silverstein completed his sentence and was released in 2015. Shortly after, his mother died from a stroke at the age of 75, close to the anniversary of his father's death the year before. Aria wished for her body to be donated to science, which Silverstein fulfilled, having been unable to afford a traditionally proper burial at the time. He and Woody each received an inheritance of over $2 million.

===2015-2022: Colosimo crime family===
Upon his release from prison, Silverstein got a new job as a waiter for Colosimo's restaurant, giving them a percentage of his tips each shift. After working there for four months, he was sworn in by the family as an associate.

===Death===
Between late August and early September of 2022, Silverstein was arrested for racketeering and attempting to rob the Absolute Savings & Loan bank with a toy gun, dressed as a security guard. During the interrogation, he was offered the opportunity to havr the charges dropped in exchange for becoming an informant against the Colosimo family. He agreed to the terms and was released from jail. He then spent the next couple of weeks gathering as much information as possible. On September 13, 2022, Silverstein gathered evidence against associate Sonny Yellow and called him out as the rat. However, it was immediately determined that Sonny was not the rat they were looking for. In retaliation, Sonny sprayed Silverstein with a cannister of mace, causing damage to his face, eyes, and brain. He eventually succumbed to his injuries and died at the age of 45 (one week shy of his 46th birthday). His funeral was attended by his family. 

Eventually, Sonny Yellow was convicted of Silverstein's murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.

==Personal life==
Silverstein met his future wife, [[Savannah Belluci]], at his first middle school dance. Savannah would become a trucker for Stoney Trucking & Services. They dated all throughout middle school, high school, and college, eventually getting married in August 2001, right before the 9/11 attakcs. Their daughter, Stephanie, was born in 2008, sometime before the attempted bank robbery. They had previously tried to have a child two years earlier, only for Belluci to suffer a miscarriage. In 2015, a year before Freddy was released from prison, he and Belluci divorced. 

In 2019, Silverstein had a second wife, Vera Molotov, who was a mail bride he ordered from Russia. They were married for one year until 2020 when he and Belluci ended up reconciling. Belluci and Silverstein stayed together until his death, but they never remarried. In 2020, Belluci became pregnant again, only to lose the baby the following year due to a molar pregnancy. 

==External Links== 
{{Wiki|3 = villainsfanon|4 = Villains Fanon}} 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]
[[Category:Iraq War veterans]]
[[Category:Characters]]