{{Infobox_character|name=Serenity Ross-Morgan|relatives=[[Ross-Morgan Family]]|marital=Travis Morgan|birthDate=January 19, 1937|birthPlace=Detroit, United States|deathDate=September 18, 1979}}

'''Serenity Ross-Morgan''' (née '''Ross'''; born January 19, 1937 - September 18, 1979) was an American model. Ross rose to stardom in the 70s, becoming one of the most famous supermodels of the decade. She received praise for her impact on beauty standards at the time, being a mother and 34 years old by the time she became a world famous model. Alongside her modelling efforts, Ross released a commercially successful book, ''The Chosen One''. Ross' cover for the May 1976 edition of ''Soccer Moms Magazine'' where she appeared topless has become one of the most remembered and iconic photoshoots in modelling history.

On September 18, 1979, she was murdered by her co-worker Heather Freeman after a dispute.

== Life and career ==

=== 1937-1965: Early life & career beginnings ===
Serenity Ross was born on January 19, 1937 to police officer Clarence Ross and Briona Goff in ''Detroit, Michigan'' as a result of a hookup. Goff was just 18 at the time of Serenity's birth, whilst Ross was 56 years old. The two did not remain romantically involved and Goff later married Joe Foreman, Serenity's step father, changing her name to Briona Foreman. Serenity's extended family on her mothers side are from ''Salt Lake City, Utah''.

Serenity enrolled at St. Jen's High School in 1951, becoming the president of their drama club. Despite her father being more than wealthy enough to care for her, she decided to start doing part time jobs at 16 years old for the experience, notably as a tutor. She graduated St. Jen's with The Class of 1955. She got plastic surgery performed on her, specifically a nose job which she was open about throughout her life.

At age 19, Serenity signed with The Morning Glory Agency. For years she modelled for commercials and campaigns, enjoying the less public figure side of being a model. In 1965, she was promoted to a lingerie model, modelling in campaigns for different companies. She also met her boyfriend ''Travis Morgan'' and became pregnant with his child at this time, however did not keep the baby.

=== 1966-1970: Re-invention, personal struggles, rise to fame and new lifestyle, engagement ===
In 1968, her father, Clarence Ross passed away due to natural causes. She reportedly inherited over $1.1 million, which she says changed her life forever. Following her fathers death, Serenity felt her world shaken up and decided to re-invent herself. She dyed her hair blonde and began sporting a spray tan out and about. During the period in the late 60s and early 70s prior to her becoming a famous model, she became a known socialite, being pictured partying with other celebrities. As a result of the excess partying, she began having drinking problems, raising concerns for her son. By the end of 1968 she had attended rehab and gotten clean, going back on track and being called a person to look out for. She also became pregnant with her first child. 

In 1969, her first son, Andrew Ross-Morgan was born. Serenity, Travis & Andrew all moved into a $500,000 home and began sporting a 1969 model yellow ford mustang. Serenity and Travis got engaged in 1970 on a cruise. She began runway modelling in the Spring of 1970.

=== 1971-79: Supermodel status, Soccer Moms Cover & final projects ===
In 1971, following her projects with lingerie brands including billboards displayed across the world, Serenity was officially declared a famous supermodel. She starred in commercials for car company Wheeler of Detroit in May 1971. She published her biographical book with ''Harp Books'' on July 20, 1971, ''The Chosen One''. The book became a commercial success, grossing over $135,000. Serenity and Travis married in 1972, hyphenating their names. In 1973, Serenity gave birth to her second child Aria Ross-Morgan. Throughout the early 70s, she starred in many popular commercials that were broadcasted across the country, making her one of the most visible models of the time. In 1975, her third child Destiny Ross-Morgan was born. On January 8, 1975, Serenity appeared topless for ''Swindler Magazine''. The photoshoot stirred controversy amongst Travis and Serenity, being where the first cracks of their relationship started.

In 1976, Serenity received a 148% pay rise, earning a salary of $219,044 ($1,176,797 adjusted for 2023 inflation). On January 11, 1976, Serenity released her second book, ''Serenity Ross-Morgan: A Legend'', which received almost fully terrible reviews and lost money for Serenity. Financially, she was in the best place of her life, earning more money than her wealthy late father and receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars for commercials and endorsements, however mentally with her recent book commercial flop & backlash from her topless magazine cover she felt almost at her worst mentally. It was her best friend of over 35 years, Aria, that helped her come back stronger mentally. 

Feeling like a new and empowered woman, she took the topless cover for the May 1976 issue of Soccer Moms Magazine. The cover was well received by the public and has become one of the most iconic modelling shoots in history, being recreated countless times. The cover is also credited for helping the model industry let women be more free with what they show, being one of the earliest and most popular topless covers. The cover caused more fighting between Serenity and Travis, and Serenity says this is when she knew their relationship was permanently tainted. In 1977, Serenity gave birth to her final child, Monica Ross-Morgan. 1977 was a successful year for her career with Serenity being called 'The Model Of 1977' by many outlets.

In 1978, Serenity took her final magazine cover with Bubbles Magazine where she posed nude, also her highest paid shoot. Serenity began contemplating divorce with Travis, stating she felt he didn't want to see her succeed, arguing with her whenever something positive would happen in her career. With these plans in mind, Serenity decided to take Travis out of her will. Enraged at her decision, Travis decided to leak this to the press and Serenity quickly came to her own defence, announcing her plans to file for divorce the following year publicly.

== Death ==
Serenity Ross-Morgan was announced dead on September 18, 1979. She was murdered by her co-worker Heather Smith, being stabbed to death with a longsword. Days prior to the attack, Serenity reported Heather for harassing her to HR at The Morning Glory Agency, telling her she would "love to bounce on her" multiple times over and over.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Models]]