Santino Mancebo, was born a male in Caracas, Venezuela on June 3, 1942. He was conceived onhis parents honeymoon, to Maui, Hawaii. His mother name is Pilar Miralles, a Navy enlistee aged 28 (1914) His father name is Ricardo Mancebo, a photographer (1915)


== Early life ==
Age 1, he started wanting to do some physical activity/development so he crawled across the floor. His mother also got promoted to Cheif Petty Officer. While age 2, he waddled to the bathroom grabbed a hairbrush and sang to, "Twinkle Twinkle, little star" His mother escorted, little Santino also known as 'Little San" to the doctors office to get a vaccine, he tried staying calm and thoughts of singing to himself. At age 5. While at the pet center, his parents wanted to buy him a cat named, Zorro. He accepted the cat and they both became best friends forever. He realized while looking at old photos, of singers he wanted to be more like them at age 5. At age 6, he started Bolivar Elementary school, a public school. School was released early that day, and he eagerly waits for his parents, in the front of the school. Hours pass and he is still waiting, he starts worrying so he calls home. While trying to do his homework, he started having pain and is suffering from a middle ear infection. The girl next door, wanted to go to the movies, I agreed. A girl named Ana Paula Aparicio, wanted to kiss me. She, enjoyed but accidently bit his tongue. He's also, going out with her as they are living happily. During age 11, His mother made him do piano lessons, and got a new piano. Practicing it from day to night. While at school age 12, his classmate Bianca, acted up he reported it to Mr. Arias office. He would look at it. 

== Teenlife ==
His cat acted strange, and is, suffering from Kidney failure. So he decided to go to the doctors. But sadly he still is suffering from it. His shoulders started acting uneven so he went to the doctors and got scoliosis, and got it treated. His pet, Zorro passed away after he was climbed into an engine of a car, and died when it started. He tried going out for the concert band, but couldn't due to his grades, The next year he tried again.The united Kingdom has implemented a program, in which homeless citizens are being hired to cuddle babies. During that year, he  decided, to get He saw, a dingo so he decided to keep it, it mauled it leaving a big scar and some torn out face.

== Personal life ==
He took guitar lessons, and bought an electrical guitar. He started drinking, tequila
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Venezuelans]]