'''Ariana Black''' (January 18, 1918 - June 9, 2021) was an American painter who dedicated herself to five decades of art. 

==Early life==
Black was born in Miami to real estate agent Gregory "Greg" Black (1890 - 1975) and receptionist Lauren Black (1890 - 1970). She had an older brother, Ebenezer Black (1917 - 1983), a World War II veteran.

==Career==
After graduating from university with a degree in art history, Black began working as an apprentice painter for The Marton Company in 1940. She was promoted to painter in 1942. Many of her works during the early to mid 1940s focused on the Second World War. 

Black retired in 1990, though she continued painting occasionally. She also worked as a janitor for Bear Down International for nearly fifteen years until her services were terminated in 2004 for being "too old." She didn't get another job after that. 

==Personal life==
Black was bisexual and married twice. She met her future husband, Biff Bautista (1918 - 2016), a photographer, in 1930. They had their first kiss together, sparking the start of their relationship. They married in 1937 and stuck together until Bautista's death in 2016. They had two children together, firefighter daughter Paisley Bautista (1939 - 2018) and librarian son Henry Bautista (1943 - 2014). Black outlived both her children. 

Black met Sophie Trump in 2019 after a one-night stand. They dated and married in the same year. They remained married until Black's death.

==Death==
Black died on June 9, 2021, aged 103. She joined her children and husband, and is survived by her wife, Sophie, four grandchildren and two nieces.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Painters]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:LGBT Characters]]
[[Category:Artists]]