Faith Rapinoe is a male born in Raleigh, United States. His birth date is March 11th 2004.
== Early Life ==
Faith Rapinoe as a kid was simple he liked to walk backwards, he became friends with many different children, he remained calm during vaccination, really simple. He liked to find random ways to argue with his sister just because he found them entertaining. When he started primary school he was just a normal kid, that liked walking a lot. He even liked martial arts spending a lot of time to learn Jiu-Jitsu reaching red belt within a year. Entering Middle school he immediately found interest in basketball and joined the basketball team at his middle school. He proceeded to still like walking.
== High School ==
Faith, immediately joined the high school basketball team with hopes to make it into the NBA, he proceeded to enjoy going to the gym every day, walking a lot and practising his Jiu Jitsu for no particular reason. At the gym one day Faith met Samantha Poindexter where he asked her out on a date. (Someone from above remembered Poindexter to be the last name of a legendary baseball player but this is Faith's story.) Faith is now going out with Samantha. Samantha ended up dumping faith (boo!) He proceeded to meet a much finer looking girl named Emma Stoner who he hoped would be much better than Samantha. But Emma dummped him too (at this point I think he has negative rizz.) However he does become the basketball captain. He then met Grace Caruso at the gym and decided to shoot his shot because why not he can deal with rejection now. 
== Career ==
Faith was eligible for the nba draft where he was drafted as the 5th pick in the 1st round to the Utah Scat for a 3 year long deal worth $2.8M playing as a small forward. Faith accepted the contract.
=== Rookie Season ===
Faith trained in every skill he could during his rookie season really aiming for the rookie of the year award. He was a decent shooter with amazing handles decent passing IQ and he knew how to do some cool tricks his defence was slightly above average and his rebounding was too, however his celebrations were pretty hype. However his rookie season didn't really go well with the Utah Scat having the 18th worst record and barely made it into the playoffs as an 8th seed where they lost in the first round. However Faith had a decent rookie stat line of 11.9 PPG 3 APG (Assists per game) 1 BPG (Block per game) 2.7 RPG (Rebounds per game) and 1 STG (Steals per game) remember this terminology because im not reexplaining it. He won the Rookie of the Year just which was exactly how he wished for however he knew he couldn't suddenly just stop working hard.
=== 2nd Season ===
Faith continued his old High School routine with his basketball training to hopefully gain an edge over other players in the league. He was slowly but surely getting in shape so that he looked more like the other guys in the league. He was started to get some good shooting while still having those amazing handles, even better Passing IQ and definitely even more of a show off than before with some great defensive capabilities especially in his rebounding and his celebrations were still hype. He ended the season with the Utah Scat once again being the 8th seed in the playoffs and with a 35-47 record they overall came 15th in the league. Luckily Faith managed to drop 14.3 PPG 3.5 APG 1.4 BPG 3.0 RPG 1.0 SPG winning the Sixth Man of the year award.

=== 3rd Season ===
I will be honest here he continues to do the same boring routine over and over again just because it works and it genuinely helps him improve so I;m just going to jump into how good he actually becomes during the season. Utah would end 6th in the league with a 48-34 record he would have some great stats with 16.6 PPG 6.4 APG 1.4 BPG 4.7 RBG 1 SPG winning him the defensive player of the year award which he accepted graciously before resigning to the Utah Scat for another 5 years for $50.5M out of loyalty.

=== 4th Season ===
The Utah Scat would finish 3rd in the league in Faith's 4th season where he droppped 17.1 PPG 7.4 APG 2.0 BPG 4.3 RPG 1 SPG winning him another DPOY. Quite an amazing season where Faith was slowly starting to unlock more of his full potential however Faith realised to get even further he must master all martial arts. Which is what he will start doing mastering each master art until he learns them all 1-3 every season

=== 5th Season ===
Just like he promised Faith in his 5th season started practising Judo,  quickly earning himself Red Belt. However he didn't find it exhilarating enough so he decided to practise Karate too. But he would quickly get the red belt too so he decided to start practising Kung-Fu too so that he could be more intelligent just like the chinese. Quickly earning himself the Black Belt. But it wasn't enough he wanted to know how to be good at maths, so he learned Taekwondo, quickly earning black belt. After that martial arts phase he went back to much more basketball focused training.  Even after all that Utah only came 4th with a 58-24 record Faith did drop 21.6 PPG 2.7 BPG 13.5 APG 6.3 RPG 1.0 SPG and won DPOY again.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]