'''Joy''' (2018 - 2025) was a Himalayan cat who was born in America and spent most of her life there. She was known as an avid wanderer whose early years were marred by a troubled domestic life. Towards the end of her life, Joy fled the country, spending her last months in Kuwait. 

==Background== 
===Mountjoy-Ryder residence, shelter, early street life, and Vasquez residence===
Joy was born in Boston as a surprise for her mother's human family, who thought she was just getting a little chonky. Joy's first owners were [[Lil Mountjoy]] (1964 - 2021), a senior enlisted soldier in the United States Army, and [[Veronica Ryder]] (born 1967), a trucker. The couple have a son named Elijah (born 1986). Mountjoy was a Gulf War veteran and also served during the War on Terror, both in Afghanistan and Iraq. Lil and Veronica had another pet named Minnie, an Australian shepherd. While Veronica showed her love for Joy, Lil was hostile towards her. When she was six months old, he sprayed water on her, making her scared. Rarely, Lil would take Joy on a car ride. 

One day in 2020, Joy finally had enough of Lil's abuse. He called her a bad cat for no apparent reason, provoking her to screech at him. Lil then took her to Alexander Animal Shelter, much to Veronica's dismay. Three months later, Joy escaped from the shelter and started living on a street that happened to be called Sesame, though it is not connected to the show of the same name. After eating a rat for survival, Joy found the Vasquez Residence, where one of her kittens was living after Lil had kicked her out of the house. She greeted the owner, Genevieve Vasquez, only to be rejected. Later, she returned to the Mountjoy-Ryder doorstep and tried to chomp Lil's neck, to no avail. 

In late 2020, Joy went back to Lil and Veronica's house, this time trying to win them over with affection. Veronica seemed to be accepting, but Lil called animal control, who attempted to seize her. Joy managed to escape from control and sought shelter from the Vasquez residence. This time, Genevieve accepted her, and Joy was thus reunited with Chairman. In early 2021, after giving birth to another litter of kittens and spending some time with her new family, she left the Vasquez residence and returned to the Mountjoy-Ryder house. Joy greeted Lil with an unsuccessful attempt to bite him in the skull. 

Three months later, after giving herself some training, Joy went to Lil and Veronica's house once more. As soon as Lil opened the door, Joy slashed at his throat, which ended up killing him. This led to another close encounter with animal control. After laying low for a few days, letting the authorities take Lil's body away, she came back to the house in hopes that Veronica would let her back in. Much to Joy's dismay, Veronica closed the door on her. In mid-2021, after wandering around Sesame, she returned to the Vasquez residence.

===Later years at Vasquez residence and later street years===
In the months following her victory against Lil, Joy spent much time connecting with her kittens, Genevieve, and even Genevieve's other pets, such as a couple fellow cats named George and Angel. In 2022, Joy tried to escape from the house again, only to be caught by Genevieve. This process repeated twice within six months, which ended with Genevieve taking Joy to the vet to get spayed. She managed to escape the vet's office and start yet another street life on Loves Lane. A few months later, Joy went to Freedom Street, where she found Minnie, having not seen her since the day Lil took her away to the shelter. The two spend a decent amount of time reconnecting. 

Joy's further attempts to reconcile with Veronica continued into 2023. At one point, in the summer, she fell into a river on two occasions, once trying to find the way to the Bullock residence, where one of her kittens was living, and the second time when she was finding her way back to the Mountjoy-Ryder residence. Later, between fall and winter of the same year, during another journey back to Veronica's house, she got hit by a car. The impact perforated her tail, bruising her tongue, detaching her hip and ripping her ear. Miraculously, Joy survived each trial but suffered through much pain for months. 

In 2024, Joy tried to find her way to the Fernandez-Dingleberry residence to find another one of her kittens. She then set her focus back on the Bullock residence, this time being a successful journey, only to have the owner, Bob Bullock, close the door in her face. Another three months later, Joy went for a swim in the sewer that ended with her injuring herself again, lacerating her lip and cracking her thigh. After another rejection from Veronica, she found her way to the Fernandez-Dingleberry, where she greeted the owner, Tasty Fernandez, who closed the door on her, making Joy feel more depressed, angry, and bitter than ever. 

===Stowaway to Kuwait and final months===
In mid-2024, Joy had lost all hope of ever getting to see her old family and friends again. She went for another swim in the sewers, with better luck this time. Eventually, she reached the nearest port, which was none other than Boston Harbor. With nothing left to lose, she quickly hopped aboard the cargo ship ''The Pristine''. After sneaking to a hiding spot undetected, she fell asleep behind some crates as the ship set off for sea. When she next woke up, Joy found herself in Shuwaikh Port of Kuwait City, where she got off the ship and began her newest life on محرك بوتي (Butte Drive). In the later months of the year, she would meet her last mate and raise her last litter of kittens. 

In 2025, Joy's health began to decline. In her last few months, she spent as much time as possible with whoever else she had left to share her happiness with. Eventually, she succumbed to kidney failure and died as a result of living on the streets in poor conditions. A hobo scraped her body off the street with a spatula and feasted on it for four days. When Veronica and the others back in Boston heard the news, they were heartbroken. They managed to recover what was left of Joy's remains so they could bury them and give her as proper a funeral as possible.

==Personal life==
Throughout her life, Joy mated several times, had at least four lovers, and was the mother of a total of seven kittens. In 2019, she met one of the neighborhood cats named Juan, who lived close by to Lil and Veronica's house. Joy had attracted Juan by releasing a decent number of pheromones, and the two mated as a result. Three months later, she gave birth to Juan's son, Chairman, with whom she cared for until later in the year when Lil kicked him out for being the "runt" of Joy's litter. In late 2020, while living at the Vasquez residence, Joy met another cat named Furball, who started knocking on her "backdoor," which she delightfully accepted. 

At the beginning of 2021, Joy gave birth to Furball's triplets, including Angelica, Mr. Mistoffelees (spelled with one of the f's), and Lil. She had a loving relationship with Lil (as well as the other two), despite his name coming from her former abusive owner. As the years went on, whenever Joy bounced between houses and streets, she spent as much time as possible caring for and loving her kittens, which made her failed attempts at finding them in other people's homes all the more heartbreaking. 

In late 2024, Joy met her last mate in Kuwait, a a street cat named Doubtfire (supposedly named after the Robin Williams film by a previous owner). When they first met, Doubtfire was nuzzling against Joy's privates with his nose, much to her pleasure. She accepted him and they mated. In 2025, Joy gave birth to triplets again, named Cupcake, T-Bone, and Durriyah. Initially, she attempted to eat her kittens, since she was in declining health. However, she eventually accepted them as loving companions in what would be her last days of life. 

==Footnotes==
* Life played on January 30, 2025. 
* Obtained "Wanderer" ribbon. 

[[Category:Cats]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:CatLife]]