'''Fan characters''' are custom characters created by BitLife players. The concept was originally created by wiki user and BitLife player [[User:Al Timotheus|Al Timotheus]] in 2021. 

==Overview==
The process of creating a fan character in BitLife is fairly simple. For starters, the player will create a life and play the game as usual, making their own path with their own choices. When they reach the end of their life, the player keeps track of the cause of death and the exact date of when it was when their character died. The character's final age at death is then subtracted from the current year to determine what year that character was born (as well as the randomly generated birthday that is given at age 0; e.g. if a character died in 2022 and lived to be 95 years old, then the character was born in 1927, and so on and so forth). This math method would apply to other parts of the character's life journal, such as the ages of their relationships (parents, siblings, friends, lovers, children, etc.), and what year it was when specific moments of their life occurred. 

The writing of a fan character's page is similar to that of a Wikipedia article. The character's name appears in the front, followed by their dates of birth and death in parentheses, and then their nationality and career. Most character's article follows the usual Wiki page content criteria, from "Early life" to "Death," with diverse variations for each individual character.

==History==
The first known fan character was created on May 15, 2021. Conceptualized by Timotheus, the character was called [[Hugo Chaplin]], a British military pilot who died in combat. Shortly after, he started creating other characters of his own, such as [[CMarc]], [[Perry Garfield]], [[Penelope Hunter]], and others. Eventually, this inspired other users to start making their own fan characters, with the trend taking off between 2021 and 2022. Many characters take inspiration from real life people or other fictional characters (i.e., [[Saul Goodman (BitLife Version)|Saul Goodman]], [[Fred Jones (BitLife Version)|Fred Jones]], [[Walter White (WIP)|Walter White]], [[Sir Topham Hatt (BitLife Version)|Sir Topham Hatt]], [[Benjamin Siegel]], [[Charlie Brown (BitLife Version)|Charlie Brown]], [[Buzz Lightyear (BitLife Version)|Buzz Lightyear]], and many more). 

Al Timotheus has taken several hiatuses from creating his own characters throughout the years. As of December 2025, he is on one of these after deleting the BitLife app from his phone to create more storage for his other needs. He intends to return to making more new characters when he gets more storage upgrade(s).

==Trivia==
*At over 1,180 pages (as of May 2026), the fan character category makes up roughly 80% of the pages on the BitLife Wiki. 

[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Browse]]