'''Dennis Howsen''' (1903 - 1976) was an American writer. He was the father of Marine-turned-lawyer [[Derek Howsen]]. He wrote many books and stories from the early 1920s to the late 1960s, adapting to changing times throughout the early-to-mid 20th century. 

==Biography==
Dennis was born in 1903 in Virginia to a devout though non-racist Southern family. His father, Charles Howsen Jr. (c. 1870s - c. 1940s), was a post-Civil War ideologist and veteran of the Spanish-American War. His grandfather, Charles Howsen (c. 1840s - c. 1910s) was a Civil War veteran who originally fought for the Confederacy, but later switched sides, realizing that racism was wrong and did not align with his beliefs of universal equality and human rights. Dennis also had an older brother, Charles Howsen III (c. 1900 - c. 1970s), who served in World War I. 

Howsen began writing books professionally after graduating from high school in 1921. He never went to college, but would accept gigs at numerous universities where he would present his work to students. He also partook in writing early screenplay drafts of many popular silent films of the era. 

...

By the time the United States entered World War II, the 38-year-old Howsen was deemed unfit for military service, due to his age. He still contributed to the war effort by writing books for the troops and providing the screenplays for numerous Allied propaganda films. Howsen reflected upon his wartime experiences in an interview. 

{{Quote|By the time the war began for the country, I was already in the cusp of my 40s. I still expressed my interest to enlist at the very least, but I wasn't too surprised when they gave me the "too old" treatment. Perhaps if I had signed up right after high school, I would have had a chance. But you know what? I still did my part by doing what I love, and no matter how hard I looked, I couldn't find any reason to ask for more.}} 

...

In the late 1920s, Dennis met a magician named [[Camille Howsen|Camille]]. After several years of dating, they married in the early 1930s. They had three sons together, including [[Donald Howsen|Donald]] (1934 - 2019), Derek (April 1, 1935 - May 14, 2024), and [[Vernon Howsen|Vernon]] (born 1942). 

... 

Howsen retired from writing professionally in 1969. He would continue making stories as a hobby in the last years of his life for his descendants to reflect upon. He died in 1976 at the age of 73. He is survived by his sixteen grandchildren (four from each son) and Vernon, his youngest and last surviving son. Camille would follow nearly twenty years later, passing in 1994.

==Books==

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Authors/Writers]]