'''Caroline Grantshire, Marchioness of Winchester''' (née '''Pattinson'''; March 16, 1721 - July 4, 1793) was the wife of [[Robert Grantshire, 8th Marquess of Winchester]]. She is known for being a famous socialite who was constantly in the papers as well as being beloved by all of England. 

== Early Life (1721-1739) ==
Lady Caroline Pattinson was born on March 16, 1721 inside her parents home of Glottingham Castle in the countryside of England. Her father Theodore Pattinson IV (age 37) was the 11th Earl of Travenham. Her mother Elizabeth Pattinson (29) was the Countess of Travenham and a second cousin to King William of England. Caroline had an older brother  Lord Theodore Pattinson V (6), another brother Lord Thomas Pattinson (5), and an older sister Lady Mary Pattinson (4).

In 1724, the bubonic plague swept over Glottingham Castle. It killed 11 servants. The bubonic plague also claimed the life of 8 year old Thomas Pattinson. Caroline contracted the disease and was told she would be dead in 4 days. She survived. 

In 1726, Elizabeth hired a governess for Caroline to learn French, Latin, Greek, reading, and writing from.

In 1727, Mary was sent to an all-girls ettiquette school in France. 

In 1729 Caroline comes down with smallpox another deadly disease she conquers.

In 1731, Theodore and Elizabeth celebrated Caroline's 10th birthday. Caroline is sent to the all-girls ettiquette school in France to learn alongside Mary.

In 1732, Mary left France to return home.

In 1734, Caroline returned home temporarily for her brother's wedding to 17 year old Lady Lavinia Travis. She changes her name to Lavinia Pattinson and moves into Glottingham. 

In 1736, Caroline returned home from France. 26 year old Robert Grantshire, 8th Marquess of Winchester, a marquess and army colonel, stays at Glottingham for four days. Where he meets Caroline. Unbeknowest to her, her father strikes a deal for Caroline to marry him. Lavinia gives birth to Anthony Pattinson

In 1738, 17 year old Caroline is made aware of her engagement to the Marquess of Winchester. Mary marries Henry Carson, 3rd Viscount Huntington. She changes her name to Mary Carson and becomes the Viscountess Huntington. She moves out of the house. Lavinia gives birth to Henry Pattinson.

In 1739, Caroline is presented to King William. Six months later 18 year old Caroline marries 29 year old Robert Grantshire. She changes her name to Caroline Grantshire and becomes the Marchioness of Winchester. Caroline moves to Lakewell Castle. Lavinia gives birth to Thomas Pattinson. 

== Married Life (1740-1763) ==
In 1740, Lavinia gives birth to Sarah Pattinson. Mary gives birth to Amelia Carson.

In 1741, Caroline suffers a miscarriage.

In 1742, 57 year old King William dies his son King Mark, Caroline's third cousin ascended the throne. Mary gives birth to twins Catherine and Oliver Carson.

In 1743, Caroline gave birth to a stillborn daughter. Caroline attends a party in London where she wins seven games of poker. Her beauty gains her the attention of multiple men.

In 1744, Robert was deployed to France where he would stay for the next 8 years. 

In 1745, Caroline falls into depression from living alone and due to her lack of children.

In 1746, Caroline took up residence in her London to escape the loneliness of living alone. She establishes her reputationa s a sociialite attending numerous parties.

In 1747, at age 63 Theodore Pattinson IV died. Theodore V became the 12th Earl of Travenham. Lavinia becomes the Countess of Travenham. The children become Lords and Lady's. Caroline stays in mourning for eight months.

In 1749, Caroline was invited to a banquet with the King. 

In 1751, King Mark threw Caroline a celebration for her 30th birthday.

In 1752, Robert returned home from France. The couple move back to Lakewell Castle. 

In 1754, Caroline and Robert spend three weeks in Scotland.

In 1755, Caroline gave birth to Lord William Grantshire. This would be her first surviving child.

In 1756, Caroline gives birth to Lord Harold Grantshire. Harold dies one week after birth.

On 17 May, the Seven Years' War between Great Britain and France begins. 

In 1758, Caroline gives birth to Lady Annabelle Grantshire. Tensions rise in England as taxes are raised leaving peasants poor.

In 1759, Caroline received over 800 party invitations. Caroline's depression is cured from her newly found sense of motherhood.

In 1760, King Mark assembles an army which angers the peasantgs further. Robert is again deployed.

In 1761, Caroline throws a party attended by over 1,000 people for her 40th birthday.

In 1763, Caroline's mother, Elizabeth Pattinson, Dowager Countess of Travenham passed away at age 71. The peasants of England riot through the countryside mobbing. In the attack 400 people are killed.  The mobs attack and capture Lakewell Castle. In the attack Robert is killed. Caroline hurriedly takes her children from their nursery and escapes with nothing in a carriage. She flees to Windsor Castle where her third cousin, King Mark agrees to let her and her children live until the mob is subdued. Caroline becomes the Dowager Marchioness of Winchester. 8 year old William Grantshire becomes the 9th Marquess of Winchester.

On 18 February, the Seven Years War ends.

== Widowed Life (1764-1792) ==
In 1765, after two years in the Royal Palace, the peasant uprising was dispersed which allowed Caroline, William, and Annabelle to return to Lakewell Castle.  A funeral is held for Robert.

In 1766, Lavina Grantshire, Countess of Travenham, her sister-in-law, passed away from malaria. In Noveber Caroline embarks on a six month trip to France with William and Annabelle. The peasants begin another revolt against the monarchy.

In 1767, Caroline returned from France. She resumes her life as a socialite. 

In 1768, King Mark is beheaded by the uprising as his son  15 year old Prince Henry is taken away from London, to Scotland. 

In 1769, Prince Henry was made King Henry after the rebellion is ended. 

In 1771, Caroline's brother Theodore Pattinson, 12th Earl of Travenham passed away from an intense fever at age 56. After 24 years as the Earl of Travenham his son Anthony Pattinson became the 13th Earl of Travenham at age 35. Caroline throws a lavish party for her 50th birthday.

In 1772, Caroline's popularity peaks as she became one of the most popular socialites. She dines with multiple dukes, earls, and marquesses, and attends over 340 parties.

In 1773, William Grantshire, 9th Marquess of Winchester married Alexandra Talbot. She becomes Alexandra Grantshire, Marchioness of Winchester taking Caroline's duties as the Marchioness. Caroline moves into the 12 bedroom Dower House.

On December 16, the family hears the news of the Boston Tea Party. While they understood the Bostonians' frustrations against the Parliament's tea taxes, they still showed great upset that they reacted in such a way of wasting good tea. "Their are starving people in many other countries besides africa, even children, going to bed without meals, that would do anything for that tea, and you're just throwing it away!" Caroline would go on to say in a letter to the Sons of Liberty, the organization behind the protest. 

In 1774, 21 year old King Henry proposed to 16 year old Lady Annabelle. Caroline agrees on the condition they wait until she's 18.  

In 1775, Alexandra gave birth to Lady Esther Grantshire, Caroline's first grandchild.

On April 19, the American Revolutionary war begins. 

In 1776, Lady Annabelle marries King Henry, her fourth cousin, in a lavish ceremony at the Royal Palace attended by 3,500 guests. She becomes the Queen of England. Queen Annabelle moves into the Royal Palace.

On July 4, the United States declares its independence from the Kingdom. Caroline and her family are among those who celebrate this occasion to show their support for America. 

In 1777, Alexandra gives birth to Lady Amanda Grantshire. Viscount Huntington husband of Caroline's sister Viscouness Mary dies at age 66. Oliver Carson becomes the Viscount Huntington.

In 1778, Alexandra suffers a miscarriage.

In 1779, Annabelle gives birth to Prince Phillip. 

In 1781, Caroline throws a celebration marking her 60th birthday. Alexandra gives birth to Lord Arnold Grantshire. Alexandra Grantshire, Marchioness of Winchester dies in childbirth after eight years of marriage to William. Caroline moves back into Lakewell Castle to console her grieving son and grandchildren. William begins wearing all black for five years after until 1786.

In 1782, Annabelle gives birth to Princess Caroline named after 
Caroline Grantshire.

On September 3, 1783, the American Revolutionary War ends. 

In 1784, Annabelle gave birth to Prince Oliver. King Henry's infidelity as well as illegitimate children are revealed in a scandal during which Queen Annabelle goes back to living inside Lakewell with her children.

In 1785, an article is published calling Caroline the most influential women in England.

In 1786, William stops wearing black. Queen Annabelle moves into Kensington Palace with her children.

In September of 1787, the Constitution of the United States is signed. Caroline reads the papers about it and later writes an exemplary review, citing her fascination and agreement with the Constitution's values. 

In 1790, Caroline contracts cholera which she survives.

In 1791, Caroline celebrates her 70th birthday with a party at the Royal Palace.

In 1792, Caroline's sister Mary passes away at age 75.

== Death and Legacy ==
On July 4, 1793, at age 72 Caroline passed away after suffering a heart attack in her bedroom. She is found by her son after being late for lunch. News of her death is published on July 5.  Her body lay in waiting for 6 days as it was visited by 500,000 people. Her funeral was held July 10 in St. James Palace. Her body was buried in St. George's Cathedral. Her funeral was attended by her children, grandchildren, her great grandchildren, her nieces and nephews, her great nieces and nephews, as well as many other peers and peasants. Her grandaughter Queen Esther would later name a castle after her, Caroline Palace. Her fourth great-grandson is New York attorney [[Andrew Grantshire (lawyer)|Andrew Grantshire]] (born c. 1935), who, in 1962, married Maria Angelo, the younger sister of Icardi godfather [[Giuseppe Angelo]]. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Dead]]
[[Category:Successful]]
[[Category:Born before 1900]]