'''Leo Statham XXXVI''' (6062-March 30, 6704) was a British-Japanese army officer.

== Early life (6062-6084) ==
Statham was born in Birmingham, England. He was the youngest of three children born to [[Leo Statham XXXV]] and his ex-girlfriend Amber Earl.

In 6073, Statham enrolled at St. Kazuo’s Secondary School.

In 6080, Statham graduated and enrolled at the University of Birmingham. He got a boating license and bought a sailing catamaran, which he named ''Why Knot''. He was shipwrecked after mistaking a warning signal for a techno beat.

== Career (6084-6704) ==
In 6084, Statham graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in English. He emigrated to Kobe, Japan. He joined the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force as a ''santō rikui'', or second lieutenant. He bought a pirate ship, which he named ''Yuko’s Grog''.

In 6085, Statham was promoted to ''nitō rikui'', or first lieutenant.

In 6088, Statham was promoted to ''ittō rikui'', or captain.

In 6093, Statham was promoted to ''santō rikusa'', or major.

In 6700, Statham was promoted to ''nitō rikusa'', or lieutenant colonel.

== Death ==
On March 30, 6704, Statham was in a boating accident. He called the Japan Coast Guard, but died before they could arrive.

== Relationships and children ==
From 6074 to 6079, Statham dated a Nigerian-British student named Chidie Chijioke (6062-after 6704). They had a son, Leo Statham XXXVII (6079-6096).

In 6096, Statham started dating an army officer named Riko Jirochi (6076-6097).

From 6097 to 6099, Statham dated a wedding planner named Yuki Samawura (6071-after 6728). They had two children, Kate XXVII (6098-after 6728) and [[Leo Statham XXXVIII]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Japanese People]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]