{{Infobox_character|name=Jakub Kwiatowski|marital=Married|sexuality=Straight|birthDate=May 19, 1856|birthPlace=Cracow, Austro-Hungarian Empire|deathDate=October 9, 1888|deathPlace=Leitmeritz, Austro-Hungarian Empire|species=Human|gender=Male|height=6' 1|weight=170 lb|eyes=green|affiliation=City of Ostrava (1885-1886)
Austro-Hungarian Army (1886-1888)|education=Secondary School|relatives=Franciszek Kwiatkowski (father)<br>Maria Rutkoski (mother)<br>Katarzyna Kalinowski (wife)<br>[[Ignacy Kwiatkowski|Ignacy]] (son)<br>[[Cezary Kwiatkowski|Cezary]] (son)}}

'''Jakub Kwiatkowski''' (May 19, 1856 - October 9, 1888) was a Polish-Czech scam artist, street sweeper and soldier. He was notorious for selling fake opera tickets in the streets of Cracow, and for escaping juvenile detention and prison. His grandson was US President [[William Kwiatkowski]].  

== Early life and education ==
Jakub was born in Cracow, then part of Austrian Poland, to Franciszek Kwiatkowski (1826 - 1890), a landscaper, and Maria Rutkoski (1830 - 1909), an unemployed person. From an early age, he showed an outstanding ability to manipulate people, especially his parents. At the age of 5, he became friends with Marcel Pawlak, who would become his lifelong best friend. 

In 1862, he enrolled in Zielinski Primary School (an all-boys school for the working class). There, he made a second friend, his classmate Dominik Tomaszewski. At only 8 years old, young Jakub committed his first crime, shoplifting a doll house from a toy store and then selling it for 135 florins. At the age of 10, he was bullied by his classmate Stanislaw, so he delivered an uppercut to the bully's throat, and then forcefully poked his belly button, causing his death days later due to sepsis. 

As a result, Jakub was arrested, convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to seven years in Borkowski Juvenile Detention Facility. However, after only 1 month, he managed to escape by mysterious means and returned home. Free again, he continued his life of crime, showing particular talent in burglarizing houses and stealing packages from neighbours. In 1867, he enrolled in Czerwinski Primary School, a public institution, and was known for selling things to his classmates illicitly and skipping classes. 2 years later, he attended St. Hubert's Middle School, where he began stealing horses, and with 16 years he started secondary school in St. Pola's Secondary School. 

== Scamming career ==
After graduating in 1874, he began running a counterfeit jewlery scam on Ozark Lane, soon to stand out for his great cunning and skill with swindling. The next year, he met Katarzyna Kalinowski (the daughter of a blacksmith), at a flea market and began dating her soon afterwards. Around that time, he also decided to switch from counterfeit to illegal street gambling, and began running a rigged three-card monte booth at a local fair. As he couldn't make ends meet, he began working part-time as a grocery store stocker for Novak & Sons. 

In 1876, he devised a highly audacious scam, which consisted of selling fake VIP tickets for famous operas and plays, such as "The Magic Flute" or "Macbeth". In 1877, he proposed to Katarzyna and later married her at a small church. They bought a small house and a horse cart, and everything seemed perfect. However, in 1881, while trying to scam a milkmaid with a bogus ticket for "Don Giovanni", he was arrested by the K. K. Polizei (Imperial-Royal Police) and identified as a fugitive, and an Austrian court decided that he should be sent back to prison to finish his original sentence for manslaughter. Jakub was sent to Zlotowice Correctional Center, one of the safest prisons in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and during his second month, he started a massive riot, so his sentence was extended by 8 years. He later broke out by filing the bars in his cell, using a nail file brought to him by his wife hidden in a cake. 

After his daring escape, Katarzyna revealed to him that she was pregnant, and thus their first son, Ignacy (1882-1955), was born the following year. Jakub continued his fake ticket selling scheme in a different street, Antonina Lake Rd, until the birth of his second son, Cezary (1884-1971). He then began reconsidering his career and wanted a proper job, but with his notoriety as a criminal in Poland, this would be impossible. Under pressure from his wife, he agreed in 1885, at the age of the age of 29, to move to Ostrava, an industrial city in the Kingdom of Bohemia, also in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. 

== Life in Ostrava ==
After his arrival in Ostrava, Jakub worked in various coal and copper factories until he finally found the right job as a municipal street sweeper for the City of Ostrava. His work mainly involved removing horse feces, garbage, and animals ran over by carriages. Using the funds from his scams, he purchased, in spite of his Katarzyna's complaints, a charming colonial house at Svoboda River Ave. 

== Military and death ==
However, in 1886, Jakub began to believe that he was falling short of his potential, so he enrolled in the Austro-Hungarian Army, in the VIII. Army Corps, stationed in Prague. In 1887, he was promoted to Private First Class, and was known for his good behaviour and discipline. However, on Oct. 9, 1888, his regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Vojta Krejci, was sent to supress a minor workers' uprising in Leitmeritz, and unfortunately, Jakub died after he was thrown a cartridge of dynamite, causing his head to explode. His funeral was attended by his loving wife, Katarzyna, and his two children, Ignacy and Cezary. He was 32 at the time of his tragic death.
[[Category:Polish People]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]