'''Xiaowen Delan''' (Chinese: 小文德兰; January 24, 1932 - March 27, 2026) was a Chinese businesswoman. She was best known for her work a Kayak Technologies, where she rose through the ranks in a career spanning over thirty-to-fifty years, eventually serving a decade as the company's president. 

==Early life and education==
Xiaowen was born in Lanzhou, one of the country's poorest regions. Her single mother was the model [[Fang Delan]] (1914 - 1996). 

==Early career==
Delan began her career in 1954, after completing university, at the company Hēishí tóuzī (黑石投资; Black Rock Investments) as an internal auditor. She worked hard and made good friends with most of her first-year co-workers. After a few years, she accepted a new position as a business analyst for Pí huá tǐng jìshù gōngsī (皮划艇技术公司; Kayak Technologies). Delan also excelled as an analyst, but she knew she could do even bigger things for her economy and community. So, in 1960, she left Kayak Tech to attend business school.

==Prime==
In 1962, Delan completed business school and thus earned her qualifications for eventual higher-ranking positions in the executive level. She quickly found a job at a new establishment, Guānghuī kējì (光辉科技; Radiance Technologies), starting as an analyst again. Ten years into her tenure, she was promoted to the senior level of her title, and only a year later in 1973, she became the assistant vice president of the company. Delan kept working diligently while still finding time to make friends with her fellow workers, and even her bosses. However, she did not have positive relations with all of her superiors; during her first year at radiance, her superior, named Chaoxiang (not to be confused with her future husband) made an advance on her after she had complimented him in hopes of becoming friends. Delan reported Chaoxiang to human resources for sexual harassment, but nothing was done about it, much to Xiaowen's chagrin. 

After working at Radiance for fifteen years, Delan was promoted to vice president. She would briefly serve in the role before transferring back to Kayak. In 1981, she became first VP, senior VP in 1985, and then executive VP in 1989, serving four years in each following position. From 1993 to 1997, she was managing director. In the latter year, while celebrating the 40th anniversary of her beginnings at Kayak Tech, Delan became the company's president. She would serve in the role for ten years until retiring in 2007 after 32 total years at Kayak, as well as over fifty years across the other businesses. 

==Later career==

===Career timeline===
* Black Rock Investments - Internal Auditor (1954-1957)
* Radiance Technologies: 
** Business Analyst (1962-1972)
** Sr. Business Analyst (1972-1973) 
** Assistant Vice President (1973-1977)
** Vice President (1977)
* Kayak Technologies: 
** Business Analyst (1957-1960)
** Vice President (1977-1981)
** First Vice President (1981-1985)
** Senior Vice President (1985-1989)
** Executive Vice President (1989-1993)
** Managing Director (1993-1997) 
** President (1997-2007)

==Personal life==
Since her mother had given birth to her at a young age, Delan was in no rush to have her own children, and thus spent her younger years focusing more on her career than social life. However, Fang, eager to become a grandmother, pressured Xiaowen to start her own family as soon as possible. In 1964, Fang arranged a marriage between Xiaowen and Chaoxiang Kuo (1935/1936 - 2011/2012), who just so happened to work at Kayak Tech. Delan and Kuo would go on to have three children, including Yanlin Kuo (born 1965), Bong Delan (born 1967), and He Kuo (born 1972). Yanlin is a retired pilot and licensed veterinarian, Bong worked as a grocer at Kǎ dé tè záhuò diàn (卡德特杂货店; Cadet Grocery), and He is a marine biologist for Lánzhōu dān (兰州丹; Dan of Lanzhou). 

Although the marriage seemed more convenient than romantic, Delan and Kuo maintained a friendly and moderately healthy relationship for nearly twenty years. One day in 1982, Delan came home from work early to find Chaoxiang partaking in an orgy. Supposedly, some of the participants were Delan and Kuo's co-workers, both from Kayak and the other companies that Xiaowen previously worked for. Finally having an excuse to get back at her mother for forcing her into a marriage instead of letting her find love on her own, Delan divorced Kuo later that year. She even tried to fire him from Kayak out of spite, but Kuo had allegedly obtained some form of immunity from their marriage that could not be reverted. 

Within the same year of the divorce, Delan sought full custody of her children. She first took Kuo to court under the argument that he allegedly ate chocolate bugs. Xiaowen lost the hearing and was ordered to pay almost $1,500 in child support. The next year, in 1983, Delan came back with a much stronger accusation and sued Kuo again. She alleged that there were times that Chaoxiang would go through abusive phases, even locking their children in a shed. Regardless of the claim's plausibility, Delan won the hearing and regained custody of her children. Kuo was ordered to pay over $2,000 in child support, more than what Delan was previously ordered. 

Delan died on March 27, 2026, at the age of 94. She is survived by her three children and any possible grandchildren. 

{{nav|***|next = [[Xiaowen Delan (V1.2)]]}} 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Chinese]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]
[[Category:Old people]]