''Not to be confused with the American music composer''. 

'''Adam Fong''' (April 6, 1932 -  May 6, 2022) was a Malaysian politician, military officer, physicist, and former royal family member who served as the Governor of Kuala Lumpur from 1999 until his death in 2022. Previously, he had served as Kuala Lumpur's school board director from 1974 to 1989, and as the city mayor from 1989 to 1999. Prior to his career, he was the Prince of Sughalia from his birth until his abdication at the end of his childhood. 

==Early life, reign and abdication==
Adam was born Prince of Sughalia with a fortune of over $4.2 million in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. His parents were Queen Natasha Wang (1908 - 1988) and Prince Consort Ishtiqal Fong (1888 - 1965). Ishtiqual had served as a roayl military officer during the First World War. The family owned a pet kitty named Jazz (d. 1944). 

Fong was described as an enthusiastic and productive child. An athletic protege in his youth, he joined the basketball team of his all-boys upper secondary school. 

In 1950, upon turning 18 years old and completing upper secondary school, Fong, who had grown bored of his life of royalty, was wishing for a more active life and career. He thus abdicated his title and surrendered Wang Palace. His parents showed him overwhelming love and supported his decision immensely, wishing him all the best in his future endeavors. Some of the family's royal followers, however, were not very enthusiastic about his decision.

==Military service and scientific career==
Soon after his abdication, Fong enlisted in the Malaysian Army. While the country did not fight in the Korean War, he often travelled to South Korea as part of special assignments that happened to take place during the conflict. Fong would recount experiences of some of his comrades getting caught in the crossfire. 

Upon his first discharge in 1954, Fong enrolled in University of Malaya, majoring in physics. While there, he became a member of the film club, boxing club, and magic club. Adam became the film club's president in 1957, and he also was very skilled in college boxing due to his prior Army service. After graduating from UM in 1958, Fong re-joined the Army as an officer. Having become a licensed physicist after earning his degree, Fong used his studies to work as a physicist while still serving his country. 

... 

Fong retired from the military in 1974 at the age of 42, after twenty total years of service (4 as an enlistee and 16 as an officer). 

===Dates of rank===
* Private (1950-1951) 
* Private Second Class (1951-1953) 
* Private First Class (1953-1958; discharged 1954-1958) 
* Second Lieutenant (1958-1959) 
* First Lieutenant (1959-1962) 
* Captain (1962-1972) 
* Major (1972-1974)

==Politics==
===School Board Director===
====First Term (1974-1979)==== 
In 1974, Fong announced that he would begin his political career after he retired from the Army. After which was said and done, he budgeted $100,000 of his royal fortune towards his campaign for the seat of school board director. He treated his opponent, Cici Bong (born 1937), with indifference. Fong made his appearance distinguishable with a daily attire of 3-piece suits that were somewhat similar (albeit slightly different) from his classic royal attire from his days as prince. He defeated Bong and won the election. 

====Second Term (1979-1984)====
Fong declared his re-election campaign in 1979, shortly before the official end of his first term. His next opponent was Anira Bong (born 1928), the older sister of his previous opponent, Cici.

====Third Term (1984-1989)====
After finishing his second term as director, Fong ran for re-election again in 1984. He entered the race against Adib Chu (born 1938).

===Mayor of Kuala Lempur=== 
====First Term (1989-1994)====
In 1989, after serving as school board director for 15 years, Fong decided not to run for a fourth term. He subsequently announced he was running for mayor against Socialist party member Junada Lew (born 1931).

====Second Term (1994-1999)====
Fong completed his first term as mayor in 1994 before running for re-election. His next opponent was Nadia Sayid (1922 - c. 2010s), a member of the Liberal party who previously ran advertisement campaigns to boycott conservative movements.

===State Governor=== 
====First Term (1999-2004)==== 

====Second Term (2004-2009)==== 

====Third Term (2009-2014)==== 

====Fourth Term (2014-2019)==== 

====Fifth Term (2019-2022)====

===Campaigns for Prime Minister===

==Personal life==
During his early years in the Army, Fong met aspiring dancer Dewi Kwok (born 1932). When Kwok graduated from university, she became a dancer for Teo Productions. After dating for six years, Dewi proposed to him in 1959. just as soon as he was promoted to first lieutenant. Fong accepted, and they got married that same year. Their son, Aden, was born in 1963. Aden, who also has a passion for dancing, became a dancer for Teo Productions as well, with Dewi being his teacher. The two would form the dance duo [[Kicking Kwoks]].

==Death==
Fong peacefully passed away in his sleep on May 6, 2022, exactly one month after his 90th birthday. He is survived by his son, the only immediate family member of his to attend his funeral, and any potential grandchildren. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Malaysians]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Scientists]]