'''Tarjei Bakke, Sr.''' (2007-April 12, 2121) was the King of Norway, who later became a drug dealer.

== Prince of Ålesund and King of Norway (2007-2025) ==
Bakke was born the Prince of Ålesund in Trondheim. He was the younger of two children born to [[Monica, Queen of Norway]] and her husband Prince Eirik.

On April 12, 2025, Bakke briefly became '''Tarjei, King of Norway''', before abdicating the throne.

Bakke dropped out of upper secondary school after he abdicated.

== Drug dealing career (2025-2122) ==
In 2025, Bakke joined the Bone Breakers as a dealer. His nickname is '''Back Alley Lars'''.

Between 2025 and 2032, Bakke sold over €44,000 ($50,000) worth of ascetic.

In 2028, Bakke took the fall for a fellow dealer. He was sentenced to 3 years in prison, but escaped.

In 2030, Bakke was promoted to runner.

In 2036, Bakke took the fall for a lieutenant. He was sentenced to 11 years in prison, but appealed his sentence and had it reduced to 3 years.

In 2039, Bakke was released from prison. He was promoted to manufacturer.

In 2044, Bakke was promoted to lieutenant.

In 2050, Bakke took the fall for a dealer. He was sentenced to 15 years in prison.

In 2060, Bakke was released on parole.

In 2121, Bakke died of a stroke.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2025 to 2026, Bakke dated a student named Linda Moen (2007-2090). They had a son, Tarjei Bakke, Jr. (2026-2108).

From 2108 to 2109, Bakke dated a runner for the Bone Breakers, Ellen “Bong Bong” Hauge (2070-2152). They had a son, [[Tarjei Bakke III]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Royality]]
[[Category:Norwegians]]
[[Category:Kings]]
[[Category:Drug dealers]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Old people]]