'''Vahe Taleb''' was adopted as a baby in Oran, Algeria. After an unplanned pregnancy, his birth mother determined it would be best to give me up for adoption so that he could be raised in a family of unconditional love.

He was born on December 3, 1991. he was a sagittarius.

His mother is Kadira Salhi, a 46 year old hairdresser. His father is Harun Taleb, a 47 year old interior designer, he has an older brother name Reyhan, he was 12 at the time when Vahe Taleb was born.

== Childhood ==
At age 1 (1993), he allowed a strange-looking woman to hold him at the park

At age 2 (1994), he bit his mother when she took him to the doctor's office to get vaccinated.

At age 3 (1995), He bickered with his big brother, Reyhan, about him not sharing his candy with me. He lost his temper with him. He slapped his big brother, Reyhan's, throat, and he attacked him with a baseball bat.

At age 4 (1996), he became friends with Kasim Chaib.

At age 5 (1997), he broke his parent's toaster and accussed his big brother.

At age 10 (2002), his parents divorced and his maltese, Jade, died of natural causes.

At age 11 (2003), he has been diagnosed with depression. and Kasim Chaib unfriended him.

=== Juvenile Detention Life ===
At age 12 (2004), he escaped juvenile detention, but then his mother turned him back in, and has been sent back to juvenile detention.

At age 12 (2004), he tried to escape juvenile detention, but got caught, his sentence has been extended by seven years for felony escape.

At age 13 (2005), he tried to escape juvenile detention again, but failed again, his sentence has been extended by seven years for felony escape.

=== Education ===

==== Elementary ====
At age 6 (1998), he started primary school.

At age 6 (1998), he pantsed his classmate, Omari, in front of everyone at an assembly.

At age 6 (1998), he squirted milk out of his eyes to freak everyone out in his teacher, Mrs. Touati's, class.

===== The Big 2000 School Fight =====
At age 8 (2000), he was getting bullied at school by his classmate, Spiros, he kicked the bully's jaw! then pummeled him with body blows to the midsection, he was sent to the headmaster's office, he called the headmaster, Dr. Merabet, a douche canoe, then he was suspended from school for four days.

==== Middle ====

===== The Big 2004 School Fight =====
At age 12 (2004), his arabic teacher, Mrs. Bouzid, told me she wants to hit him with dodgeballs, he bit his Arabic teacher, Mrs. Bouzid's skull, then he walloped her in the gut, he has been convicted of assault and sentenced to one year at a juvenile detention center.

== Teenage Years ==

=== Juvenile Detention Life ===
At age 14 (2006), he ended his life.

=== Education ===

==== High School ====

== Adulthood ==

=== Further Education/Work ===
[[Category:Fan Characters]]