''Not to be confused with [[Eberhard Werner]] or his other namesakes.''

'''Eberhard Werner VI''' (4621-after 4676) was an Italian-Japanese painter and graphic designer.

== Early life (4621-4651) ==
Werner was born in Turin, Italy. He is the younger of two children born to [[Eberhard Werner V]] and his ex-girlfriend Angela Marconi.

In 4632, Werner enrolled at St. Mauro’s Middle School. He was on the soccer team.

In 4635, Werner enrolled at Bucca Secondary School.

In 4640, Werner enrolled at the University of Turin. He went on five speed walks, all taking over two hours.

In 4644, Werner graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Graphic Design. He re-enrolled, this time majoring in physics.

== Painting career (4651) ==
In 4651, Werner graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Physics. He became a painter for Pavarotti Ideas. Less than a year later, he emigrated to Tokyo, Japan.

== Graphic design career (4654-4676) ==
In 4654, Werner became a junior graphic designer for Nobunaga & Sons.

In 4657, Werner was promoted to graphic designer.

In 4660, Werner was promoted to senior graphic designer.

Werner was alive in 4676, but his death date is unknown.

== Relationships and children ==
From 4631 to 4637, Werner dated a student named Artemisia Opizzi (4621-after 4653).

From 4637 to 4638, Werner dated a student named Sara Gallo (4621-after 4653). They had a son, Eberhard Werner VII (4638-after 4676).

From 4651 to 4653, Werner dated an exotic dancer named Yuzuki Nakanishi (4620-after 4676). They had two children, Jasmin Werner V (4652-after 4676) and [[Otello Werner]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Japanese People]]
[[Category:Italians]]
[[Category:Painters]]
[[Category:Artists]]