'''Tobias Aaron Washington''' (June 30, 1952 - July 4, 2022) was an American reggae singer, music composer and soldier. He sang with the band The Down-Strums for ten years before joining the military to honor his father's service. Despite having to leave the band to pursue his army career, he still sang as a solo artist during and after his service until his death. During his time with the band, he was known by his stage name '''Washy Toby'''. He produced five singles and five studio albums with The Down-Strums and many more as a solo artist. 

==Early life and singing career==
Toby was born in New York, the son and only child of Brooklyn (1930 - 2005) and [[Aaron Washington]] (1927 - 2007). His mother was a receptionist at Intimate Holdings. His father was a fighter pilot in the Air Force, serving from 1944 or 1945 to 1989, having flown and fought in World War Two, the Korean War and the Vietnam War, and retiring the year before the outbreak of the Gulf War. 

Washington began singing at age 11. He sang for his middle school and high school concert bands.

==Military service and compositional career== 
In 1984, Washington announced his departure from The Down-strums to join the United States Army as an officer. This decision was met with much love and support, because he wanted to honor the military service of his father. 

...

Following his retirement from the Army, Washington spent three years working as an Atlantis Tacos employee. He became a shift manager in 2016, which was also the year Atlantis Tacos became an official subsidiary of Taco Bell. 

In 2017, Washington left Atlantis Tacos to finally continue his music career, becoming an apprentice music composer for Glacier Studios. 

===Dates of rank===
* Second Lieutenant (1984-1985) 
* First Lieutenant (1985-1988) 
* Captain (1988-1994) 
* Major (1994-2000) 
* Lieutenant Colonel (2000-2006) 
* Colonel (2006-2008) 
* Brigadier General (2008-2014) 

===Commanding officers===
* Unknown (1984-1992) 
* Captain Hicks (1992-1995) 
* Major Winfrey (1995-2001) 
* Colonel Hole (2001-2007) 
* Colonel Damon (2007-2009) 
* General Lucchese (2009-2014)

==Personal life==
Washington met [[Anna Ortiz]] in his freshman year of high school. Ortiz was a banker. After maintaining a thirteen-year friendship, they began dating in 1979 and got married that same year. They had four children together: 
* Autumn (born 1981) - Marriage counselor for Alamo Psychiatric Clinic 
* DJ (born 1982) - Graphic designer for Hunter & Sons 
* Serinity (born 1984) - Mailwoman 
* Honey (born 1991) - Legal secretary for Gump & Reed

==Death==
Washington died on the 4th of July of 2022 at a barbeque cookout to a stroke from high blood pressure. At his funeral, he was posthumously promoted to Major General. He is survived by his wife, three daughters, his son, and any potential grandchildren. He was also inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

==Legacy==

==Discography==

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Generals]]
[[Category:Iraq War veterans]]
[[Category:Gulf War veterans]]