was Born in 14 December 2023  in Jakarta, Indonesia and He was Sarwendah Zahir (1974 - ), an Unemployed Person and Rudi Wonda (1971 - 2037), a Trucker's Son, He has a Dog Called Muse which was 1 Year Old Before Satria's Born (2022)

== Before Born Lore ==
Satria was a Male who was Adopted as a Baby in Jakarta, Indonesia. I was Given Up for Adoption when my Biological Mother Decided She Couldn't Afford to Raise a Child as a Single Mom

== Early Life ==

=== Preschool ===
When Satria aged 0 in 2023, I Found a Heirloom in the Attic which is 1987 Schwinn Bicycle That is a Rare Heirloom! Satria's Dad (Rudi) Diagnosed with Constipation. Dad Cures Constipation since i Aged 2 in Year 2025. I Played with the TV Remote while Laying on a Blanket. In 3 Years Old (2026), First Friendo Stumbled! His name was Ahmadzulkifli Nuraini. My Mom Forces Me to Find the Heirloom in the Attic Again. Which is Kite from Satria's Ancestor. 4 Years Old (2027), First Dying and Disease Approaches Satria which Muse Died in Age 5. She died due to the Chain got Tangled Around Her Neck, Suffocating Her Instantly. First Disease Acedon into Satria at the Same Time with the Death of Muse, Satria Suffers from the Common Cold. And my Parents Take me to the Western Medicine in Dr. Bagus'. And my Disease Cured. In the Age 5 (2028), 2nd Friendo Stumbled which is Elang Natalegawa which is 1st Grader which is 6 Years Old Born in 2022

=== School Era ===
Satria was Enrolled to Little Gerung Elementary School and His Father was Retired in Age 6 (2029) Also I Donated my Heirlooms to the Charity. In 7 Years Old (2030), I was Bullied by Jonah Kusuma and I Report Him to Mrs. Koto (Headmaster). Age 8 (2031) While Playing in the Neighborhood, Satria's Friend, Elang Tells You to Fake All on Your Neighbor's Driveway cuz Then Satria can Sue Them for Lots of Money. That's a Bad Idea Also First Time got Disagreement for my Father's Conversation and I Apologize to Him. My First Walk Happened in Category Speed Walk 2 Hour Speed Walk. Age 9 (2032), Satria's Parents asks Satria to go Vacation to Bali and I Appreciated and I Enjoyed It also Heirlooms the 3rd Appearing That is Titanic Anchor AND IT'S SUPER RARE!!!!🍀🍀🍀🍀 2nd Item with Rares, and i Try to Donate to Charity to Increase my Karma. 10th Age in 2033, I Begin to Ask Out to Kim Pickler and She Accepted. 2034 Arrived (Age 11). Agung Andui Troublemakes me while I'm Reading in my Teacher, Mrs. Nepali's Class, I Look Up and See My Classmate Agung Eats a Cookie that was Sitting on Teacher's Desk and i Report to Mrs. Koto. In a Graduation (Age 12 (2035)), My Dad Suffers from Erectile Dysfunction and Ahmadzulkifli Nuraini asks Satria to Go Best Friend Him and I Agreed and I Joined Foreign Language Club and in Age 13 (2036), I Recruited as a Newspaper Delivery Person at The Jakarta Globe. Second Death Approves on Satria Wonda which is Rudi Wonda, Satria's Father in Age 14 (2037). He Died of Complications of Old Age and I Agree to Become Vice President at Foreign Language Club. I Graduated and i Continued FLC in Age 15 (2038) and I Tried to Try All Martial Art to the Highest Belt and My Mama Rejected and She Said U Need to Focus Up Jiu Jitsu. 16th Age in 2039, While Eating at a Restaurant, Satria See a Woman Breastfeeding a Child, Who Appears to be About 5 Years Old and I Amazely Watch It. 17th Reached (2040) Treasurer on FLC on Me and I Take a Driving Licence and i Passed and My Mom Gives me Lexus IS-500 as a Gift and I Gave the Car to Ahmadzulkifli

== Adult Life ==
I Graduate in Age 18 in 2041 and Sing Thanks to Teachers and 3rd Friend Stumbled after a Fellow Years, Which is Diah Darun, a 12th Grader Born in 2024 and i Accepted. My First Pray Approves on Me and My Pray is General and it Wish me, While Returning a Movie to a Redbox, I Find an Unused Lottery Ticket that Awards its Holder a Brand-New Diamond Ring and Satria's Girlfriend Rejected it and I'm Angry and She Said, If u Wanna Get Married, U Should Move to my Homeland, Canada. And She Said I Need University in Canada. And i Start a Job as a Bartender in Gunadi's Restaurant and i was Hired. 19th Reached (2042) and I Sell my Diamond Rings for an Expensiver Rings to Propose Kim, Satria's GF. 20th, 2043. I Buy 1.74 Carat Diamond Ring and I Proposed to Kim and Still Rejected Grah!!!!!!! Satria Needs more Expensive Ring and i Gifted it to My Mom. Due to Prayers, I Received a Brand New Sapphire Ring for Being the 1,000,000th Customer at His Local Supermarket. I Decided to Proposed it, And Kim Accepted😃 and We Get Married but No cuz It's Expensive. In 21th Year in 2044, Yes! Supervisor Starts Putting Me into 55 Hours a Week Work that Means I Get More Money and Start to move to Canada and I Started a Mediterranean Diet. I am Promoted to Sr. Bartender in 22th Year (2045). Satria and Kim Finally get Married and Success! And We Moved to Canada and I Quit my Job in Indonesia. And I'm Going to University in Mathematics Major, This is Approved! My Dream Activity (Academic Decathlon Club), Dream Clique (Brainy Kids) and Alpha Epsilon Pi Rejected and ADC Approval also Brainy Kids was Approved by the Leader

== YouTube Career ==
I Started in 2036 (Age 13) and My First Video is Categorized in Educational. Unlucky Enough in 2037, Satria's 2nd Vid got 1 View (Age 14)
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Indonesians]]