{{Infobox_character|name=Myles Baker Burton|marital=Brigitte Burton (married 1987, div 1998)|birthDate=May 2nd, 1967|birthPlace=Tampa Bay, Florida|deathDate=January 28th, 2023|deathPlace=Nashville, Tenesee|gender=Male|height=5'11"|weight=159 lbs.|eyes=green}}

Myles Baker Burton was born on May 2nd, 1967 to Baker and Emily Burton in Tampa Bay, Florida. His older brother was Thomas (Tom) Henry Burton. Myles' parents split when he was 5, but they stayed friends and were good parents to Myles and Tom. The two would marry other people, and Myles' new step-parents  were horrible and did not get along. Myles' new step siblings also disliked him. The only step-sibling that Myles bonded with was Max Burton, who introduced Myles to art. In 1982, Myles began a relationship with Brigitte McCord and the two gave birth to Michael (Mike) Burton in 1986. That same year Myles applied to college and studied art history there until 1990. He got a job at a museum. He was promoted many times and became the head of the art gallery department in 1996. He would have two other children before he got a divorce. Myles and Brigitte separated 1998 but unlike Myles' parents, the two would rarely speak again. Even when Brigitte wanted to get back together, Myles said no. Myles had been making a lot of money and was closed to 1 million, but after the divorce he lost half of it. He continued to work at the art museum till his death in 2023 at only 56 years old. He succumbed to lung cancer due to smoking one too many cigarettes as a young man. Myles is survived by his three children, Mike, May, and Manny Burton.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]