{{Infobox_character|name=Hassane Onuchukwu|marital=Married to Daluchi Jamuike|birthDate=26 september, 1990|birthPlace=Lagos, Nigeria|deathDate=18 october, 2021|deathPlace=Lagos, Nigeria|gender=Male}}

Hassane Onuchukwu (September 26, 1990 - October 18, 2021) was a bus driver. He was born in Lagos, Nigeria. His family was in poverty. 

== Early life ==
Onuchukwu was born in Lagos in 1990. His family was poor. At the age of 1, the boy was diagnosed with an ear disease and he did not hear very well, but he was cured. At the age of 2, he became friends with George Brown (born in 1990). At the age of 6, the boy went to school and made friends with Amazu Baluchi (born in 1990), Urunwu Munachiso (born in 1990), Uzochukwu Akumjeli (born in 1990). When the boy was only 9 years old, his dog died, the dog was 11 years old. At the age of 11, Hassan survived the death of his mother, his mother Adaeza was 51 years old. When the boy was 14, his father married 20-year-old Halima Munasicho (born in 1984). At the age of 17, the boy graduated from school, but did not enter the university due to the fact that he could not pay for his studies. At the age of 18, he became a bus driver, as well as a consultant at a gaming club.

== Personal life ==
In 1998, 18-year-old Hassan Onuchukwu met Daluchi Jamuike (born in 1990). At the age of 19, they lost their virginity by having sex for the first time. At the age of 20, Hassan moved out from his parents and took a mortgage on housing. But due to the fact that he worked at 2 jobs at once, his blood pressure became high. At the age of 21, his wife became pregnant, and at the age of 22 gave birth to a son, Azubike Onuchukwu (born in 2012). Also in 2012, Hassan's father died, and the guy had no relatives left. At the age of 29, in 2019, he gave birth to a daughter, Iveobiegbulam Onuchukwu. In 2021, Hassan and Daluchi celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary.

== Job career ==
Hassan was one of the best bus drivers in the city, his salary was 8-9 thousand. He also worked part-time to provide for his family

== Death ==
He lived a fairly short life, he was very tired at work, which is why his blood pressure began to rise. He suffered from high blood pressure for 10 years. Due to high blood pressure, on October 18, 2021, he had a heart attack, as a result of which he died at the age of 31. Rest in peace, Hassan!
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Nigerians]]
[[Category:Young people]]