Lewis Bennett (May 31, 1990-2024) was an Australian afro-punk singer.

== Early life ==
Bennnett was adopted as a baby and never met his biological parents. His two adoptive fathers were photographers Thomas Bennett (1949-after 2017) and Liam Fisher (1953-after 2017). He grew up in Newcastle, Australia.

Bennett attended private school at Jones Primary School and Newcastle Secondary School. He also started taking accordion lessons at six, both voice and acting lessons at eight, and modeling classes at 12.

== Music career ==
In 2008, Bennett signed with Sedona Records as a solo rock singer. He released four afro-punk studio albums and went on three tours. All of his albums went double platinum less than a year after their releases.

In 2012, Bennett created a YouTube channel where he posted BitLife videos. He has 308,000 subscribers.

== Pets ==
As a child, Bennett had a family dog named Toto (1988-1998). Toto was a German shepherd and died of natural causes.

In 2008, Bennett bought a dingo named Foster (2005-2016) from an exotic pet dealer. Foster died after Bennett’s girlfriend Chelsea Wade forgot to give him water.

After Foster died, Bennett bought a Burmese python named James (2000-2018). In 2017, Bennett gave James to his daughter Julia.

== Relationship and children ==
Bennett dated a banker named Chelsea Wade (1990-after 2024) from 2000 until his death. They had two daughters, [[Julia Bennett]] (2007-July 18, 2024) and Holly Bennett (2017-after 2024)

== Murder ==
In 2024, Bennett was murdered by his daughter, Julia, with a set of plastic vampire teeth. She was sentenced to 19 years in prison, but escaped shortly thereafter.

== Books ==
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Title
!Publisher
!Publication date
|-
|Superstar
|Mulgrave Books
|2016
|}

== Discography ==
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Title 
!Release date
!Lead-off track
|-
|Back On Track
|2008
|You Took Me All Night Long
|-
|Hostile On Main Street 
|2011
|Cascade Some Sucrose On Me
|-
|Exile On Drumbeat
|2014
|Flirtin’ With the Pastor
|-
|Gossip and Lies
|2017
|Hi Jenny
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Australians]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Young people]]