'''Susan Pratt''' (née '''Williamson'''; August 20, 1910 - June 11, 2021) was an American farmer, author and supercentenarian. She served Paddock Acres from 1932 to 1995. She became an author in 2001 and wrote for twenty years until her death. Many of her novels, both fiction and nonfiction, took place on farms and were adapted from or based on her farming experience. 

==Early life==
Susan Williamson was born in Kansas City to the latest generation of the Williamson family. Her mother, Betsy (1863 - 1949), was a receptionist, and her father, Pierre (1863 - 1933), was an early truck driver. She had an older brother, Elon (1896 - 1971), who was a firefighter, entrepreneur, investor and business magnate who specialized his entrepreneurship in everything related to firefighting. Susan has French ancestry on her father's side and British ancestry on her mother's side. 

==Farming career==
After graduating from college in 1932, earning her Bachelor's in writing, Pratt began work at Paddock Acres.

==Writing career==
In 2001, six years after her retirement, Pratt began writing for Andrews Press. She started off with short stories and minor books, and began advancing as time went on. 

In 2011, Pratt gained recognition when her book, (TBD), became a bestseller. She had become one of the world's oldest people to achieve such a first-time milestone. 

==Personal life==

==Death==
Pratt passed away peacefully in her sleep at age on June 11, 2021 at the age of 110 years, 9 months, and 22 days. She is survived by her husband, five children and eight grandchildren.

==Bibliography== 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Authors/Writers]]
[[Category:Farmers]]
[[Category:Old people]]