'''Venus Roosevelt VIII''' (2527-2609) was an American neurosurgeon.

== Early life (2527-2556) ==
Roosevelt was born in San Francisco, California. She is the older of two sisters born to [[Carlton Roosevelt XIII]] and his ex-girlfriend Charlotte Thompson.

In 2532, Roosevelt enrolled at Woody Cockburn Elementary School.

In 2538, Roosevelt enrolled at St. Guy’s Middle School.

In 2541, Roosevelt enrolled at San Francisco High School.

In 2545, Roosevelt enrolled at San Francisco State University. She was a member of Alpha Chi Omega. She murdered her father with a set of plastic vampire teeth.

In 2549, Roosevelt graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Psychology. She enrolled at UCSF School of Medicine.

== Brain surgery career (2556-2593) ==
In 2556, Roosevelt became a brain surgeon for Farmland Medical Center.

In 2593, Roosevelt retired.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2537 to 2545, Roosevelt dated a student named Clark Hooper (2527-2605). They had two children from their first relationship, Carlton Roosevelt XIV (2544-2550) and Venus Roosevelt IX (2545-2625).

In 2545, Roosevelt had a one night stand with a jeweler named Latrell Stroker (2525-after 2572). They had a daughter, Ariana Stroker (2546-2635).

In 2546, Roosevelt had one night stands with Stroker, an unemployed man named Jake Powell (2520-after 2572), a grocer named Slim Walker (2520-after 2572), and a real estate agent named Bobby Nix (2528-after 2572). Powell had a daughter, Maya Powell (2546-after 2572). Walker had a daughter, Jenna Walker (2546-after 2572), with his wife Amy Borchlet. Roosevelt and Nix had two children, Cherish (2547-2632) and Walt Nix (2548-2618).

In 2547, Roosevelt had one night stands with Nix and a student named Montgomery Kuntz (2526-after 2572). Roosevelt and Kuntz had a son, Goober Kuntz (2548-2569).

From 2571 to 2572, Roosevelt and Hooper dated again. They have a son from their second relationship, [[Carlton Roosevelt XV]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Doctors]]
[[Category:Old people]]