{{Infobox_character|name=Biff Nelson
|aliases=Biff Biff
|marital=Married to Addison Pickles
|birthPlace=Little Rock, United States
|birthDate=April 5, 1941
|deathDate=April 18, 2024
|deathPlace=Little Rock, United States
|affiliation= Houston Nauts (1963-1969)
Bands: Stranger•Little Ones•The Crash
|gender=Male
|eyes=Green
|height=5'10
|weight=205 lbs
|relatives=Desiree Nelson-Tweedy (Mother)<br>Kendrick Tweedy (Stepfather)<br>Kamila King-Li (Half Sister)<br>Buck Tweedy (Stepbrother)<br>Addison Pickles (Wife)<br>Ramona Nelson (Daughter)<br>Patrick Nelson (Son)<br>Irene Nelson (Daughter)}}

Biff Nelson (April 5, 1941 - April 18, 2024), also known by the stage name of "Biff Biff", was an American baseball player and musician
==Early life==
Biff Nelson was born in Little Rock, Arkansas on the 5th of April 1941, son of Desiree Nelson and an unknown father. His mother later married Kendrick Tweedy, a retired firefighter. As a child, he started playing the saxophone at 7 years old and later the guitar at. He was also had a passion for baseball, even becoming the captain of his schools baseball team on several occasions. He later went on to study art history at the Little Rock University after being awarded a full athletic baseball scholarship.
==Athletic Career (1963-1969)==
After graduating top of his class in 1963, he was signed by the Houston Nauts as an outfielder and moved to Houston, Texas. He only played two seasons with them before leaving out of shame after messing up several playoffs in 1969.
==Musical Career (1970-2004)==
After returning to Little Rock, Biff started working as a busker on the streets. There he was spotted by a band called Stranger that was in search of a guitarist, and later invited him to play for them. In 1970, the band released their self-titled debut album, which was a moderate success. After an intense argument with members of Stranger over releasing the single Another Pictograph, he would quit and join the southern rock band Little Ones in 1972, writing two albums for them. One of them, a self-titled album released in 1974, became a huge hit and later went gold the following year.

In 1976, he would quit the band to pursue a solo career. After signing a 7-year contract, he adopted the stage name of Biff Biff and would release the rock album Prosperity Boulevard, which was a success. He would also release 3 singles (two charted gold) and go on several concerts and tours. After his contract expired, he would join the band The Crash in 1983 and would stay until his arrest in 1992. After being released from prison, he would continue his solo career, releasing 2 albums and 4 singles in the span of 9 years. He then retired from his musical career in 2004 after being diagnosed with gonorrhea.
==Later Career==
After being cured from gonorrhea in 2006, he would start working as a sommelier and appeared on multiple show interviews.
==Personal Life==
Biff married Addison Pickles in 1986, who would take on his last name. The both had two children: Ramona Nelson (1987-), Patrick Nelson (1993-) and Irene Nelson (1996-).
===Controversies===
In 1992, he was arrested after supplying alcohol to minors in a party at his villa and sentenced to 1 year in prison.

In 2011, he appeared on The Late Show with Violet Hardick and embarrassed himself live. Since then, he never appeared on another show.
==Death==
Biff died of natural causes aged 82 years old on April 18 2023.
==Discography==
===with Stranger===
''Stranger'' (1970)
===with Little Ones===
''Some Guys'' (1972)<br>''Little Ones''(1974)
===with The Crash===
''Eye For An Eye'' (1984)<br>''Atmosphere'' (1987)<br>''Born To None''(1989) <br>''Forget About It''(1992) 
===Solo===
''Prosperity Boulevard'' (1976)<br>''No Justice At All'' (1994)<br>''Layla'' (1997)<br>''Memories of Biff Biff (Compilation)'' (2001)
==Trivia==
* Biff would end up releasing Another Pictograph 13 years later under The Crash, which went double platinum the same year.
* His son Patrick Nelson was conceived during a conjugal visit.
* He had an estimated net worth of 110M dollars
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]