Jesse Krueger (2611-2693) was an American former politician, chef, and actor who became the Governor of Florida.

== Early life (2611-2633) ==
Krueger was born in Jacksonville, Florida. His parents were [[Jacob Krueger]] and his ex-girlfriend Brittany White. He went to Travis Centeno High and was the captain of the wrestling team. 

In 2629, he enrolled at the University of North Florida. The same year, he read ''Strong Looks Better Naked'' by Khloé Kardashian. He became the president of the investing club before graduating with a BS in Psychology in 2633.

== Political career (2633-2657) ==
In 2633, Krueger ran for election to the Florida State Board of Education. He beat Autumn Hooker and was inaugurated.

In 2637, Krueger ran for reelection and beat Isaam Kazez.

In 2640, Krueger ran for Mayor of Jacksonville as a Democrat and beat Serena Bumgarner-Hill. He was inaugurated in 2641.

In 2644, Krueger ran for reelection and beat Mary Joe Simmons.

In 2648, Krueger ran for Governor of Florida as a Republican and beat Amaya Fox. He was inaugurated in 2649.

In 2649, Krueger burgled seven houses, stole packages from five houses, and robbed a bank called Spreadeagle Savings & Loan wearing a fursuit. He ran from the police four times upon being caught. He was indicted for two counts each of burglary and escape from police custody, however he was acquitted.

In 2652, Krueger ran for reelection and beat Kaelynn Maggot.

In 2656, Krueger ran for President of the United States as a Democrat, but lost to Robin Osborne. He left office as governor in 2657.

== First chef career (2657-2659) ==
In 2657, Krueger became a line cook for Connor’s Cafe.

== Acting career (2659-2667) ==
In 2659, Krueger got his first acting role as a stagehand in ''Laughin’ in the Rain'' (2660).

In 2660, Krueger started playing Benedict Mattel in the TV show ''Come to Grips'' (2659-2667).

== Second chef career (2668-2677) ==
In 2668, Krueger became a line cook for Chez Green Valley.

In 2671, Krueger was promoted to short order cook.

In 2674, Krueger was promoted to apprentice chef.

In 2677, Krueger resigned.

== Death ==
In 2693, Krueger died of natural causes. His ashes were scattered at a shrine.

== Relationships and child ==
From 2622 to 2628, Krueger started dating a student named Brittany Diggler (2611-2697), who later became a wedding planner. They had a son, [[Stanley Krueger]].

In 2629, Krueger briefly dated four women whom he met at the gym. They were a dishwasher named Brooklyn Phelps (2611-2640), a trucker named Andree Wheeler (née Johnson, 2606-after 2667), an enlistee in the United States Marine Corps named Dixie Holyfield (née O’Donnell, 2611-after 2667), and a student named Susan Moore (née Boozer, 2611-after 2667), who later became an IT specialist. He also started dating a hairdresser named Katie O’Donnell (2610-after 2667), whom he also met at the gym. Krueger and O’Donnell broke up in 2657.

In 2657, Krueger started dating Diggler again.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Actors]]