'''Francis Ramell Elway''' (March 4, 1941 - February 15, 1992) was an American military officer who served as a General in the United States Army from 1991 until his death a year later. His service, spanning three decades from 1963 to 1992, saw several conflicts and operations, including the Vietnam War and Gulf War.

==Early life==
Frank was born in Richmond, Virginia to Ramell (1885 - 1957) and Isabella Elway (1913 - 1989). His father was a makeup artist, and his mother was a mailwoman who came out as a lesbian in the mid-1960s. He had an older brother, Sammy (1938 - 2008), a trucker, and a younger brother, Colin (born 1944), a firefighter. The family had a dog named Fluffy (died 1951).

Elway showed a keen interest in military training from a young age. He became a competitive runner at St. Sonny's Middle School, joining the school's cross country and track teams. He joined the track team at his private high school, Bishop Preparatory, as well as joining the Red Cross club, of which he became vice-president in 1957, at which time his father passed away from old age. Elway earned captaincy of the track team in 1958 before graduating from Bishop Preparatory the following year. He then enrolled at University of Richmond, Class of 1963, with a major in religious studies. There, he once again excelled as a student-athlete on the wrestling team and rowing team. Elway was named captain of the wrestling team in 1962 before graduating the following year, earning his bachelor's.

==Military service==
Elway joined the Army in 1963 after graduating from UR. Although he had applied as an officer to dodge the draft, he was still called to fight in Vietnam, being asked to lead some drafted enlistees. 

===Ranks===
* Second Lieutenant (1963-1964)
* First Lieutenant (1964-1967)
* Captain (1967-1973)
* Major (1973-1979)
* Lieutenant Colonel (1979-1985)
* Colonel (1985-1987)
* Brigadier General (1987-1989)
* Major General (1989-1990)
* Lieutenant General (1990-1991)
* General (1991-1992)