''Inspired by the 2021 comedy-drama film Moxie''. 

'''Moxie''' (2009 - February 26, 2022) was an American mutt from Rockport, Massachusetts. She was a master of all tricks. 

==Life and tricks==
Moxie was conceived on her mother's owner's rooftop, where her father cleaned out her mother's gutter. Her first owner was [[Morgan Galore]] (1979 - 2010), an enlistee of the US Coast Guard. Moxie and Morgan maintained a loving relationship for nearly two years. Galore passed away in 2010 under semi-mysterious circumstances; some sources say she died from starvation after playing a video game for too many days straight without stopping to eat, while others say she was killed in action in the Middle East. Following Morgan's death, Moxie's primary caretaker was her widowed husband, Thomas "Tommy" Simmons (born 1969), a mailman. She also had a playful relationship with Morgan and Tommy's daughters, Serena (2009 - 2013) and Genevieve (2010 - 2016). Serena died at the age of four from whooping cough, and Genevieve died at the age of six from choking on a chimichanga, with Moxie unsuccessfully attempting to save her by humping her leg.

==Death==
On February 26, 2022, Moxie witnessed a burglar breaking into the house. She charged at him and clawed his face. The burglar shot Moxie with a ray gun and fled the scene. Simmons was awakened by the commotion and, after finding an unconscious Moxie at the bottom of the stairs, rushed her to the hospital, where she eventually succumbed to her injuries. Tommy buried her body in the backyard and let a 21-howl salute in her honor. As of February 2025, the burglar responsible for Moxie's death remains at large.

==Footnotes==
* Life played on February 26, 2022. 
* Obtained "Trickster" ribbon. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:DogLife]]
[[Category:Dogs]]
[[Category:Dancers]]
[[Category:Twerkers]]