''Based on Jacksepticeye''

'''Finn Murray''' (born 18 May 2000), also known by his online alias '''FiFiMurrMurr''', is an Irish YouTuber and gamer. 

==Early life, education and childhood gaming==
Finn was born in County Offaly (birthplace of Jacksepticeye) to Olivia and Matthew Murray (both born 1965). His father is an insurance agent at Geyser Insurance Group, and his mother is an author of short stories and novels/novellas of multiple genres at Allegiance Books. He has an older brother, Tadhg (born 1992), a grocer at Howell Supermarket and also a gamer, occasionally appearing in Finn's videos. Tadhg has his own channel, though he treats it as a side-job as opposed to a full-time career. 

Having been born in the sixth generation of video game consoles, Murray's first experience of video ganes was with Nintendo. His parents, who also gamed themselves in their youth, even when Atari was still new, gave him his first gaming experiences with the original versions of classics such as the early ''Super Mario'' series, ''Legend of Zelda'' series, and other titles, obviously not all just Nintendo. They had done the same for Tadhg in the 1990s, during the Nintendo and SEGA crazes.

==Internet career==
In 2013, at age 13, when he was considered old enough to use social media, Murray created his YouTube channel. He started off focusing more on the style and quality of the content he uploaded than the video themseleves, figuring that as he got more popular, he could have more fun.

==Personal life==

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:YouTubers]]
[[Category:Irish People]]
[[Category:Influencers]]