{{infobox character
 | name         = Kris Kringle 
 | image        = Screenshot 20241225 224400 BitLife.jpg|thumb 
 | imagecaption = Kringle in the mid-to-late 1990s 
 | aliases      = Santa Claus<br>Saint Nicholas (St. Nick)<br>Mr. C.<br>Noel Baba (Turkish translation) 
 | relatives    = 
 | affiliation  = Santa's Workshop (1953-2003)<br>Antalya Province Public Schools (2003-2018)<br>Antalya Province College System (2018-2024) 
 | marital      = Divorced 
 | birthDate    = July 14, 1930 
 | birthPlace   = Antalya Province, Turkey 
 | deathDate    = December 25, 2024 (aged 94) 
 | deathPlace   = 
 | species      = Human 
 | gender       = Male
 | height       = Average
 | weight       = 260 lbs
 | eyes         = Brown 
}}


'''Kris Kringle''' (Turkish: '''Noel Baba'''; July 14, 1930 - December 25, 2024) was a Turkish educator who is best known for his portrayal of '''Santa Claus''' for over fifty years. He is also well-remembered for his generous giving of gifts to his family and friends. 

==Early life and education==
Kris was born in Antalya Province, Turkey to police officer Buse Akkilic (1894 - 1969) and receptionist Mustafa Kringle (1867 - 1947). He had a half-brother, Hakan Kizil (1928 - 2006), who became a police officer just like their mother.

==Santa career==
Following his completion of graduate school in 1953, Kringle became qualified for the role of Santa. He got an interview for the opening at Santa's Workshop and was eventually hired.

==Teaching==
After retiring from being Santa, Kringle decided to make "slightly better" use of his education degree. In 2003, he found a new job as a school teacher in the district of where he went to university. He was terminated in 2018 due to his old age, but he had worked as a teacher long enough to qualify as a college professor, so he worked as one until his death.

==Personal life==
Kringle met his future wife, Exrin Yildiz, during his last years at primary school. After ten years of dating, they married in 1952. For their honeymoon, they went to a theme park in America. Exrin was a receptionist, but due to her husband's career as Santa, she frequently donned the Mrs. Claus persona, engaging in many acts of kindness for her family and others, such as making cookies. Kringle and Yildiz were married for seven decades until divorcing in 2022, after their last anniversary together. The split was primarily caused by a bad gift or two that Kris had gotten her the past couple of Christmas seasons. Kris and Exrin had five children and eleven grandchildren together: 
* Nicholas (1955 - 2025) - Real estate agent for Kiraz Emlak (Cherry Realty) 
** Enver (born 1988) - Restaurateur at Yolculuk Tutkusu Restoranı (Wanderlust Restaurant) 
** Belinay (born 1989) - Graphic designer for Mr. Illumina 
* Ali (1956 - 2022) - Law clerk for Henderson ve Ortakları (Henderson & Associates) 
** Ibrahim (born 1993) - College professor 
* Yagiz (born 1958) - Librarian 
** Ertan (born 1989) - History teacher 
** Rabia (born 1992) - Librarian 
** Muhammed Emir (1995 - 2000) - Died at age five from whooping cough 
* Noelle (born 1959) - History teacher 
** Rabia Dogancay (née Kringle; born 1991) - Pharmacist for Akustik Tıp Merkezi (Acoustic Medical Center) 
** Esmanur Unal (born 2000; adopted in 2005) - Archeologist 
** Hakan Agca (born 2001; adopted in 2008) - Art gallery worker at Tomurcuklanan Gül Galerisi (Budding Rose Gallery) 
* Muhammed Emin (1960 - 2006) - Grocer at Lüks Süpermarket (Luxe Supermarket); victim of a [[2006 Luxe Supermarket mass shooting|2006 mass shooting]] 
** Yusef (born 1995) - College professor 
** Ali Aslan (born 1999; adopted in 2006, before Muhammed Emin's death) - Police officer

==Death==
On Christmas Day 2024, after opening gifts with the family, Kringle decided to go for a walk. Along the way, he spotted a child stuck in a tree. Springing into action, Kris climbed the tree and managed to safely get the child down, but fell from the tree in the process, severely injuring himself. He barely survived the initial fall, but died from his injuries at the hospital, where his surviving children and grandchildren were by his side on his deathbed. Kringle's family attended his funeral, where he was hailed as a hero for saving the child at the cost of his life. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Turkish People]]
[[Category:Santas]]
[[Category:Elves]]
[[Category:Teachers]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Actors]]