Joana Reis (1768-1853) was a Brazilian-American Continental Army enlistee, volleyball player, and folk singer.

== Early life ==
Reis was born in Rio de Janeiro, State of Brazil. Her mother was [[Marina Barbosa]]. She emigrated to Baltimore, Maryland with her mother as an infant. She graduated high school in 1786.

== Military career ==
Reis enlisted in the Continental Army in 1786 and was honorably discharged in 1791.

== Sports career ==
Reis went to St. Mary’s Seminary and University and was on the volleyball team from 1791 to 1795.

In 1795, Reis joined the Vasai S-vasoni Desert Roses as an outside hitter.

In 1797, Reis was traded to the Chicago Mean Girls. She has won three championship rings on the team.

In 1804, Reis won the MVP award for the first of four times.

In 1808, Reis was released by the Mean Girls and joined the Boston Facials.

In 1810, Reis was released by the Facials.

== Music career ==
In 1815, Reis joined the folk band Kings of the Stone Age as a singer.

In 1821, Reis went solo and signed with Blueprint Records. She retired in 1829.

== French vacation ==
In 1791, Reis went on vacation to the French Riviera.

== STDs ==
In 1806, Reis was diagnosed with gonorrhea, syphilis, and genital herpes. She had reportedly had 42 new sexual partners in the previous two years. She was cured of gonorrhea and syphilis less than a year later.

== Death ==
In 1853, Reis died of old age. Her funeral was held in Baltimore and her ashes were scattered at a brewery.

== Marriage and child ==
From 1787 to 1792, Reis was married to a restaurant worker named Scott Stevens-Watson (1766-1851). They had a daughter, [[Nevaeh Stevens-Watson]]. In 1806, Reis and Stevens-Watson started dating again.

== Discography ==
{| class="fandom-table"
|+With Kings of the Stone Age
!Year
!Title
!Lead-off
!Certification 
|-
|1815
|Happy Home
|Everywhere When
|
|-
|1816
|The Joker is Dead
|Don’t You Remind Me
|
|-
|1819
|Rocket Surgery 
|British Idiot
|Gold (1826)
|}
{| class="fandom-table"
|+As solo artist
!Year
!Title
!Lead-off
|-
|1821
|Final Hour
|Feel Sad Inc.
|-
|1824
|Confused and Isolated
|Stoned and Famished
|-
|1827
|Songs for the Blind
|Tough to Explain
|}
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Brazilians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Americans]]