

{| class="article-table"
|+ Personalia
|-
| '''full legal name''' ||  Josef Rasheed Bergmann
|-
| '''Date of birth''' ||  May 1st 1966
|-
| '''Date of death''' ||  approximately January 20th 2025
|-
| '''cause of death''' ||  suicide by intoxication
|-
| '''height''' ||  6,4 ft (196 cm)
|-
| '''weight''' ||  209 lbs (95 kg)
|}

{| class="article-table"
|+ Soccer Career
|-
| '''position''' ||  midfielder
|-
| '''jersey number''' ||  13
|-
| '''1988-1994''' ||  VfB Stuttgart
|-
| '''1994-1997''' ||  Borussia Dortmund
|-
| '''1997-1998''' ||  Borussia Mönchengladbach
|}


Josef Bergmann was a german former soccer player, landlord, and stockbroker. He became Mayor of Hanover in 2022, but was released from office after only 22 days. After being sentenced to life for murder, multiple counts of tax evasion and insider trading, he was the first inmate to escape from Krause Max Security Prison.


== early life ==

Josef Rasheed Bergmann was born on May 1st in 1966 in Hanover to Lena Bergmann, a photographer, and famous TV actor and former soccer Player Changaz Bergmann. His father, a Pakistani originally living Russia, moved to Germany five years before Josef was born in favor of his own soccer career, and died when Josef was seventeen, scarring him for a lifetime. Josef stated in his book, that he then found salvation in religion. After completing high school he started a program of Religious studies at the University of Hanover. He sucessfully joined the soccer team of the Uni, and was recognized early by professional scouts.  


== soccer career ==

After graduating he signed a one year probal contract at VfB Stuttgart. He managed to amaze the fans, and was offered a 4-year contract after completing his rookie season. Josef was known for his intuitive passing and great game recognition, and became a starting player soon. Experts say that he did not suit into the strategies and gameplay at his club. Still he managed to play at a constant level and scored 20 goals in his 4th professional season. Two seasons later, Josef was hired by Dortmund signing a four year contract. As new coach Johann Balsiger signed with the team in 1996, Josef was benched, but frequently substituted in. He stated in a local talkshow, that he and Coach Balsiger "are not exactly good friends". He was then traded to Borussia Mönchengladbach, where he played one and a half seasons.

=== 1998' match fixing scandal ===

As a businessman from Berlin was found guilty of matchfixing in the 1998 summer season, Josef Bergmann was caught receiving at least 2 Million Dollars for throwing a game. This led to his release of Borussia Mönchengladbach and his charge of match fixing. Though pleading not guilty, he was sentenced to seven years in jail for match fixing and tax evasion. Josef managed to sucessfully appeal his sentence one year later and was freed from Hanover Correctional Center.


== activities as broker and landlord ==

After being released from prison, Josef started to invest in real estate and put a lot of money in cryptocurrencies. In  his Podcast "Money Tree", which he started at the age of 45, he talked about his investing and wealth managment. In the pilot of the podcast, he mentioned that he made 120+ million dollars of profit with cryptocurrencies, diverse funds and stocks. In the third season, he mentioned that he rented out 12 of his high end properties and talked about his future ambitions to find even more tenants. For big financial decisions he often seeked consultation of his advisor Hamadi Nalubega, who also assisted talkshow host Dr. Phil, and his bigger sister Nadia Bergmann.

== political career ==

At the age of 56, Josef Bergmann tried to make his way into politics, as he candidated for both Federal Chancellor of Germany, and Governor of Lower Saxony. News reported that he sunk atleast 100 Million Dollars in his campains, representing the conservative party. Rumours about connections to the fascist party were vehemently denied by Josef himself. As both candidacies failed, he decided to run for Mayor of Hanover, facing the green party with candidate Tim Braun. 

=== mayor of hanover ===

After a nasty campain, including shitstorms in social media because of his jail sentence, Josef Bergmann won the election in a close call. A few days after being in office, Josef appeared in a local TV commercial for Hanovers luxury coffee shop, Neptune Cafe. The massive backlash from his constituents turned him into a laughingstock, and he had to resign from office a week later, earning a record for the shortest legislative period (22 days).


== life sentence ==

After resigning from office, Josef Bergmann almost completely disappeared from the public. Although he was seen in September 2023 attending a relationship counseling session together with his wife Gessica Regular. A month later, Gessica fell from a cliff at the North Sea, near Boltenhagen. Authorities suspected Josef to have her pushed off the cliff, which was indicated after the autopsy. He was arrested as he was trying to flee in his private jet and taken to court, where he was charged with murder, two counts of tax evasion and insider trading. The court case was followed by media with great interest. Although pleading not guilty from the beginning, Josef Bergmann was sentenced again, this time to life at maximum security prison. He tried to appeal his sentence, but lost.

=== escape from prison ===

On December 2nd 2024, Josef Bergmann was reported missing from his cell in Krause Max Security Prison's high security wing four. According to a press spokesman of the German Police, he managed to steal a guards uniform from the locker room, on a "semi-secured walk through the prison" the night before, being then able to leave the prison through a backdoor disguised as a guard. He then fleed by foot into a nearby forest, leaving only little marks, so the K-9s were not able to track him. An immediately conducted nationwide search failed, and he was put on the European Most Wanted List by Interpol. 

== death ==

On January 22nd 2025, the dead body of Josef Bergmann was found on his drifting cruising yacht in the North Sea, not far from the place where he murdered his wife. The autopsy confirmed, that he was killed by a massive intoxication with methanesulfonic acid. The coroners came to the conclusion that he willingly drank a desirable amount of acid provided by a witch doctor, with intentions to kill himself. 

== personal life and wealth ==

According to friends and his three sisters, Josef Bergmann was generally a loyal, friendly person, but a bit of loner and very excentric. After the death of his father, he became more quiet and pensive. He was very invested in religion, and as he became more prosperous, was "very focused on money" and also "becoming a bit snooty, despite never bragging too much." Josef was reportedly owning around 25 luxorius appartments and houses, renting out most of them. He was often seen driving expensive sports cars, and owned three yachts, an antique pirate vessel, and a private jet. He was regularly showing up in media, including commercials, talkshows, and even appeared posing excoticly on pin-ups and wank magazines. He had a bad relationship to his mother, which berated him often for his nudist appearances.

Josef Bergmann lived openly bisexual. He dated at least ten several men and women throughout his lifetime. He had his first child, Jan Bergmann (*1989) with his girlfriend Milena Marx, the two dated until 1990. With his long-time girlfriend Merle Winkler he had another two boys, Josef Jr. (*1996) and Vincent Bergmann (*1997). After breaking up with Merle, Josef met fifteen years younger Gessica Regular, a pro soccer player at Hoffenheim. They two started dating when Josef was 42, eventually marrying ten years later. Wedding Guests recalled that their finances were furiously discussed by the two before the ceremony. The bond between the two started to crack a few years later, resulting in Josef brutally murdering his wife.

A wide range of financial experts say, that Josef Bergmanns wealth was not, like he stated "hard-earned", but rather based on luck. It is rumored that he won large amounts of money in lotteries and horse racing at a young age. And despite earning so much money, it is widely believed that he also lost a lot of money because of his investments. His financial advisor, Hamadi Nalubega, later stated in an interview, that Josef was "not a very skilled brooker and made false decisions every now and then."


== source directory ==

"Josef´s Time" ; Bergmann, Josef ; 2010 ; Muller's publishing house

"Top 20 Players of the Season" ; Schultz, Martin ; 1993 ; German Football Association

"Tycoon escaped from Prison" ; Lang, Maria ; 2024 ; National News
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]