'''Cameron Presley''' (January 3, 1927 - June 4, 2014) was a famous lawyer and businessman.

== Early Life (1927-1944) ==
Cameron Presley was born in Detroit, Michigan to Catherine Presley (23), a nurse and Marcus Presley (28) a general in the United States Air Force.

At age 5, at age 33, Marcus Presley is killed in action.

At age 8, Cameron earns a scholarship to Montrose Preparatory Academy, an eight year boarding school in the Caribbean. Cameron leaves home to begin studying at Montrose Preparatory Academy

At age 10, Cameron returns home for three weeks for his mother's marriage to 38 year old dermatologist, Robert Harris. She changes her name to Catherine Harris. Cameron returns to Montrose.

At age 12, Cameron's half-brother Andy Harris is born.

At age 13, Cameron's half-brother Mason Harris is born.

At age 15, Cameron's half-sister Lily Harris is born.

At age 16, Cameron returns home from Montrose Preparatory Academy. Robert begins physically abusing Cameron unbeknowest to his mother. 

At age 17, Cameron is accepted into the University of Pennsylvania to major in criminal justice. Cameron also gets a scholarship for two free years of college.

== Becoming a Lawyer (1945-1952) ==
In 1945, Cameron moved to a one bedroom one bathroom apartment in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to begin college.

In 1947, Cameron's two free years end and he begins paying college tuition.

In 1949, Cameron graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor's degree in criminal justice. Cameron begins law school at the University of Pennsylvania Penn Carey Law School.

In 1952, Cameron graduates law school and passes the bar exam and becomes a practicing lawyer. Cameron's student loans total about $21,000 ($234,000 in today's money).

== Starting His Law Firm (1952-1957) ==
In 1952, Cameron begins his new life in Philadelphia. He takes a loan from his stepfather and begins renting a two office space in a strip mall as his office. He officially begin Presley Law Co. His law firm focuses on criminal justice.

By 1953, Presley Law Co. had made little over $2,000 (about $22,000 in today's money) which was not even enough to pay rent.

In 1954, Cameron hired three more lawyers to work with him. 

In 1955, Presley Law Co. begins working family law and lawsuit cases. Cameron hires two more lawyers.

In 1957, Presley Law Co. had made $125,000 (over $1.3 million dollars). Cameron's half-brother Andy graduates high-school.

== Running a Successful Law Firm (1958-2006) ==
In 1958, Cameron met 26 year old Heather Matthison, a secretary. Cameron begins taking a small salary. Cameron's half-brother Mason graduates high school.

In 1960, Cameron takes on the defamation case of famous rapper Lonnie Henderson against the New York Times. Cameron wins the case for Lonnie which skyrockets his firm in popularity. Cameron proposes to Heather. Cameron begins taking a higher salary. Cameron cuts off contact with his stepfather. Cameron's half-sister Lilly graduates high school.

In 1961, Cameron married Heather Matthison. Heather changes her name to Heather Presley. Cameron begins construction on a thirteen office building for Presley Law Co.

In 1962, Cameron buys a four bedroom house in Philadelphia. Presley Law Co. moves to its new headquarters.

In 1963, Cameron's first son and first child Alexander Presley was born. By 1963, Presley Law Co. had made over $2,000,000 in profits (almost $20,000,000) in today's money. Cameron begins taking a higher salary.

In 1964, Cameron's first daughter Liana Presley was born. 

In 1965, Cameron takes on a divorce case between actress Hillary Cleveland and actor Gunther Parks.

In 1966, Cameron's second daughter, Eleanor Presley was born. Cameron begins taking a higher salary. Cameron opens a law office in New York City.

In 1967, Cameron throws himself a 40th birthday party. Cameron opens a law office in his hometown of Detroit, Michigan.

In 1968, Cameron's second son Michael Presley is born. Cameron begins taking a higher salary. Cameron opens a law office in Trenton, New Jersey. Cameron buys a seven bedroom house in Philadelphia.

In 1969, at age 70, Cameron's stepfather, dies of a heart attack, Cameron skips the funeral. Cameron's third son and last child Jackson Presley is born.

In 1970, Cameron spends three months on the west coast opening four offices in Los Angeles, Sacremento, Portland, and Seattle. Cameron begins taking a higher salary. Heather suffers a miscarriage.

In 1971, Cameron and Heather renew their wedding vows for their 10 year anniversary.

In 1973, Cameron throws Alexander a party for his tenth birthday. Cameron begins taking a higher salary.

In 1974, Cameron throws a birthday party for Liana's tenth birthday. At age 70 Catherine Presley is diagnosed with stage one breast cancer.  Cameron opens a law office in Tampa, Florida.

In 1976, Cameron throws Eleanor her tenth birthday party. Cameron takes a higher salary.

In 1977 Catherine begins chemotherapy. Cameron celebrates his 50th birthday. Cameron opens a law office in Miami, Florida, his tenth office. Cameron creates a will for all of his possessions to be divided equally. Presley Law Co. celebrates 25 years.

In 1978, Cameron opens a law office in Cleveland, Ohio. Presley Law Co. has a total of 321 lawyers. Cameron throws Michael Presley his tenth birthday party. Cameron buys an eight bedroom mansion in Miami, Florida.

In 1979, Cameron throws Jackson Presley a birthday party for his tenth birthday. Cameron takes a higher salary.

In 1980, Cameron buys a twenty-five office building in Miami, Florida moving his headquarters and family to Miami.

In 1981, Cameron's son, Alexander graduates high school and begins college majoring in finance. Cameron takes Heather to Tahiti for their 20th wedding anniversary.

In 1982, Cameron's daughter Liana graduated high school and began college majoring in biology. Cameron sells his four bedroom house in Philadelphia for $200,000 (about $614,000 in today's money). Cameron buys a six bedroom home in Bel Air, Los Angeles. On November 25, 1982, Catherine Presley dies at age 78 from breast cancer. Cameron and his half-siblings each inherit $865,908.

In 1984, Cameron opened a law office in London, England, hist first international office. Eleanor Presley graduates high school and begins a career as a writer.

In 1985, Cameron took a higher salary. Cameron opens a law office in Toronto, Canada. Alexander Presley graduates college with a bachelor's degree in finance and begins working as a stockbroker.

In 1986, Liana graduated college and began medical school. Michael Presley graduates high school and begins college majoring in architecture. Cameron takes a higher salary. Eleanor marries Jake Huxley. She changes her name to Eleanor Huxley.

In 1987, Cameron celebrated his 60th birthday on vacation in Scotland. Jackson Presley begins college majoring in criminal justice.

In 1988, Cameron's first grandchild Benedict Huxley is born.

In 1990, Michael graduates college with a degree in architecture and begins working as a freelance architect. Cameron's granddaughter Amanda Huxley is born.

In 1991, Cameron and Heather celebrated their 30th wedding anniversary. Jackson begins law school. 

In 1993, Liana graduated from medical school and began working as a physician. Cameron opens a law office in Tokyo, Japan. The law firm reaches 1,758 lawyers. Cameron's granddaughter Sarah Huxley is born. Cameron begins taking a higher salary.

In 1994, Jackson began working as a lawyer at Presley Law Co. Alexander marries Julia Kingston. She changes her name to Julia Presley.

In 1995, Liana Presley marries Gerard Roy. She changes her name to Liana Roy.

In 1996, Cameron's grandson and Alexander's son, Gavin Presley is born.

In 1997, Cameron's grandson Alexander's son, Jonathan Presley is born. Liana's son Hunter Roy is born. Cameron takes a higher salary. Cameron celebrates his 70th birthday. Cameron begins taking a higher salary

In 1998, Jackson Presley marries Marigold "Mary" Thompson. Cameron's grandson and Eleanor's son Adrien Roy is born. Cameron makes the law firm public and places 30% of it on the stock market and retains the remaining 70%. 

In 1999, Cameron's grandson Alexander's son David Presley was born. Michael Presley marries Violet Chamberlain. Cameron's grandson and Jackson's son Oliver Presley is born.

In 2000, Cameron's grandson and Michael's son Nolan Presley was born. Cameron dines with the President of the United States.

In 2001, Cameron's grandson and Alexander's son Wilson Presley was born. Cameron begins construction on a mausoleum for him and Heather.

In 2002, Cameron's granddaughter and Jackson's daughter, Skye Presley was born. Cameron begins taking a higher salary. He also updates his will by adding his grandchildren. Presley Law Co. celebrates 50 years.

In 2004, Cameron announced his plans to retire soon. Cameron begins taking a higher salary.

In 2006 after 54 years Cameron retired from active duty at Presley Law Co. and leaves control to Jackson Presley. Cameron's grandson Jake Huxley graduates high school and begins college. Cameron begins taking pension.

== Other Business Ventures (2007-2013) ==
In 2007, Cameron publishes his autobiography ''Cameron Presley: Tales of an Abuse Victim to a Self-Made Millionaire'' which becomes a best-seller''.'' Cameron puts $8 million dollars into buying stock in companies. Cameron celebrates his 80th birthday.

In 2009, Cameron guest stars on the new TV show ''Shark Tank.'' Cameron meets the Queen of England

In 2010, Cameron updated his will for the final time.

In 2011, Cameron became a main shark on ''Shark Tank.''

In 2012, Cameron learns that he does not have long to live.

In 2013, Cameron wrote his memoir to be published after his death.

== Death (2014) ==
On June 4, 2014 at age 87, Cameron Presley passed away in his sleep in his Miami Beach mansion. His will is carried out bequeathing 55% of his stock as well as permanent control of Presley Law Co. to Jackson Presley. He was buried June 10, 2014. The remaining 20% of Presley Law Co. as well as his stocks in multiple companies are divided among his children and grandchildren. His net worth is about $75 million dollars. His money (about $63.2 million) is divided among his children and grandchildren and his real estate properties are given to Jackson Presley. In 2017, His memoirs was published by his wife. Heather Presley dies in 2019 and is buried in the mausoleum next to Cameron.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Lawyers]]