'''Elizabeth Cross II''' (3147-3255) was a French receptionist and church singer.

== Early life (3147-3170) ==
Cross was born in Lyon, France. She was the younger of two sisters born to [[Darius Cross VIII]] and the only born to his second girlfriend Capucine Henry. She was named for her 20x great-aunt.

Cross went to Lyon 3 and graduated with a Licence in Political Science in 3170.

== Front desk career (3170-3179) ==
In 3170, Cross became a receptionist for Triumph Holdings.

In 3179, Cross resigned.

== Music career (3179-3245) ==
In 3179, Cross signed with Oasis Studios as a worship singer. She released her debut church album, ''Neon Temple.''

In 3180, Cross released her second album, ''Closed Mouths Don’t Get Fed.''

In 3182, Cross released her third album, ''Empty Womb, Empty Chakra.''

In 3184, Cross released her fourth album, ''How Keen Thou Are.''

In 3186, Cross was released by Oasis and signed with Cobalt Studios. She released her fifth album, ''Crown of Briars.''

In 3187, Cross released her sixth album, ''The Open Heart.''

In 3192, Cross released her seventh album, ''Prophet of Remorse'', which went gold in 3193.

In 3197, Cross released her eighth album, ''How Graceful Thou Aren’t'', which went gold in 3198.

In 3202, Cross released her ninth album, ''Flatbush Tap Dance'', which went gold in 3207.

In 3207, Cross released her 10th album, ''How Austere Thou Aren’t'', which went gold in 3209.

In 3212, Cross released her 11th album, ''How Neat Thou Are'', which went gold in 3213.

In 3217, Cross released her 12th album, ''Just as I Jam'', which went gold in 3218.

In 3222, Cross released her 13th album, ''Calming Revelations.''

In 3227, Cross released her 14th album, ''Zen Master of Remorse'', which went gold in 3228.

In 3232, Cross released her 15th album, ''How Righteous Thou Are'', which went gold in 3233.

In 3237, Cross released her 16th album, ''He Will Wind Me Tight'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 3242, Cross released her 17th album, ''Bellow to the Deity''.

In 3245, Cross was released by Cobalt.

== Death ==
In 3255, Cross died of natural causes.

== Marriage, relationship, and children ==
From 3173 to 3223, Cross started dating a Jordanian-born student named Omar Dawood (3154-after 3245), who became a translator in 3177. They had a daughter:

# Laura Dawood (3174-after 3262), policewoman

In 3223, Cross married a bartender named Rayan Francois I (3183-3258). She had a stepson from his prior marriage to a woman named Mathilde Pasteur:

# [[Soan Francois I]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Receptionists]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Old people]]