'''Ha-Eun Cha X''' (3316-July 12, 3371), formerly '''Baroness of Austen''', was an American Army veteran, magician, and noblewoman.

== Early life (3316-3339) ==
Cha was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. She was the eldest of three children born to [[Benjamin Cha]] and the elder of two born to his first girlfriend Valeria Smalls.

In 3335, Cha enrolled at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.

In 3339, Cha graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Psychology.

== Military career (3339-3359) ==
In 3339, Cha joined the US Army as a lieutenant.

Cha reached the rank of Lieutenant Colonel before retiring in 3359. She murdered her father and husband and emigrated to Bristol, England. 

== Magic career (3360-3371) ==
In 3360, Cha became a magician for Stratosphere World Circus.

In 3364, Cha briefly emigrated back to Las Vegas. After emigrating back to Bristol, she rejoined the circus.

In 3371, Cha became famous. She was briefly the Baroness of Austen before divorcing the Baron. She emigrated back to Las Vegas. She tried to cure her constipation by drinking lion blood prescribed by a witch doctor, but died as a result.

== Marriages, relationships, and children ==
In 3344, Cha married a man named Brian Badcock (3324-3359). They had four children:

# Colt Badcock (3344-3423), travel agent
# Jessica Badcock (3345-after 3425), Royal Navy officer
# Amaya Badcock (3349-after 3425), archaeologist
# Mary Grace Cha (née Caruso, 3353-3364, adopted 3359)
From 3364 to 3371, Cha dated a cameraman named Ronald Blanchard (3330-3401). They had a daughter:

# [[Brooklyn Cha]]
In 3371, Cha was briefly married to Harley, Baron of Austen (3352-after 3371).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Military]]
[[Category:Magicians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]