'''Rian Carlos Buck''' (January 24, 1979 - June 1, 2021) was an American actor and comedian. His career spanned from the late 1990s to the late 2010s, and was prominent during the 2000s and early 2010s. Although the majority of Buck's career was successful, his life was also marred by hefty financial problems, prominently debt from risky purchases, late payments and loans. To cope with his money problems, he joked about them during his routines. 

==Early life==
Rian Buck was born in New York, the son of Carlos Buck (1923 - 2002), a gay librarian, and an unknown mother who died during childbirth. Carlos' husband and Rian's other father was Lucas "Luke" Borchlet (born 1955), a financial analyst for Central Global. Allegedly, his name is misspelled on his birth certificate, perhaps supposed to be a 'y" instead of an "i." Carlos was deferred from service during World War II due to the military's strong opposition to homosexuality at the time. 

Buck originally wanted to attend college to enhance his acting skills, but due to his family's financial difficulties, his fathers convinced him that the debt would not be worth it.

==Career==
In 1997, Buck took two more voice lessons before taking the Voiceover Actor position at New York Studios. He was promoted to live-action roles in 2003, though he struggled to appreciate his promotion, since he was still coping with his father's passing the year before. After six years of playing supporting roles, he was promoted to Lead Actor in 2009.

==Personal life, financial difficulties and death==
In his last year of middle school, Buck linked romantically with his best friend since age five, Bridgette Casanova, a cousin of [[Luke Casonova]], who was a dancer and the husband of actress [[Penelope Hunter]]. They were married in 1997 after graduating high school. They had ten children together. Their ninth, daughter Kira (2014 - 2016), supposedly named after Light Yagama (aka "Kira") from ''Death Note'', died in 2016 after falling out of an upside-down roller coaster. This led to the theme park's involvement in a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Rian and his family, which they lost due to the majority of the park's legal team consisting of overqualified lawyers, even including some Karens that blamed the family for their own daughter's death. 

Due to his financial status, he had trouble affording proper healthcare. As a result, Buck suffered a deadly stroke on June 1, 2021. He died later that day. He was $57,755 in debt. He is survived by Bridgette and their nine surviving children: 

- Johnny (born 1997); accountant

- Aiesha (born 2002); nursing major at university

- Zoe (born 2003)

- Jackie (born 2004); named after actor Jackie Chan

- Moe (born 2009)

- John (born 2010); named after John Cena

- Ronald (born 2011)

- Tommy Lee (born 2012); named after actor Tommy Lee Jones

- Angel (born 2019)

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Young people]]