''In this Korean name, the surname is Na.''

'''Na Sip BA''' (né '''Kim''', 2694-2816) was a South Korean porn star, politician, and K-pop star.

== Early life (2694-2712) ==
Na was born '''Kim Sip''' in Gangnam, South Korea.

In 2700, Na was adopted by [[Na Kang Mi II]] and her ex-husband Momo Dualeh, becoming the youngest of their three children.

In 2700, Na enrolled at Han Primary School.

In 2706, Na enrolled at Min Lower Secondary School.

In 2709, Na enrolled at Lee Upper Secondary School.

In 2712, Na graduated from upper secondary school.

== Porn career (2712-2719) ==
In 2712, Na became a porn actor for Destiny Erotica.

In 2719, Na became famous. He resigned.

== Political career (2719-2739) ==
In 2719, Na ran for election to the Gangnam Seocho District Education Office and beat Naseefa Rahman.

In 2724, Na ran for Mayor of Gangnam as a Democrat and beat Green Party candidate Park Kan Hyo.

In 2729, Na ran for Mayor of Seoul, but lost the Democratic primary. He enrolled at Seoul National University. He majored in English.

In 2733, Na graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in English.

In 2734, Na ran for Mayor of Seoul and beat People’s Power candidate Ha T’ak.

In 2739, Na ran for President of South Korea, but lost to Progressive candidate Kang Ha-eun.

== Music career (2740-2813) ==
In 2740, Na signed with Celestial Records as a K-pop singer. He released his debut anime album, ''False Heart'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 2745.

In 2745, Na released his second album, ''Shhhhh'', which went platinum in less than a year.

In 2750, Na released his third album, ''We Never Walk Alone'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 2755, Na released his fourth album, ''Drawing of the Soul'', which went gold in 2763.

In 2760, Na released his fifth album, ''Living Water: Drops in the Ocean'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2765, Na released his sixth album, ''Let’s Make Cherry Bullets'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2770, Na released his seventh album, ''Dynamite Heart'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 2777.

In 2775, Na released his eighth album, ''Pray My Name'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2795.

In 2780, Na released his ninth album, ''Fever Summer'', which went gold in 2786.

In 2785, Na released his 10th album, ''Super Special'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2790, Na released his 11th album, ''The Daydream Chapter'', which went gold in less than a year.

In 2795, Na released his 12th album, ''You Made My Morning'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2800, Na released his 13th album, ''DoA'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 2805.

In 2805, Na released his 14th album, ''The Sixth Season''.

In 2807, Na released his 15th album, ''Outline of the Soul.''

In 2813, Na retired.

== Death ==
In 2816, Na died of natural causes.

== Relationships and children ==
In 2704, Na started dating a student named Ko An Hye (2694-2804), who became a photographer in 2713. They had two children:

# Na Kang Mi III (2711-2794), school administrator
# Na Joo-won II (2795-2875), police officer
In 2804, Na started dating a mailwoman named Shin Somun Chun (2785-2872). They had a daughter:

# [[Na Kang Mi IV]]

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Koreans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Musicians]]