Ramiro Trejo* was a male in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico on May 28th, 1834. He was planned pregnancy. His mothers name is Lucia Huerta, an unemployed person (age 19) His fathers name is Raul Trejo, an unemployed 44 year old man. This is the start of the Trejo Familia/generation, he was known for his dark brown hair, and gorgeous purple eyes and tan skin.

== Early life ==
At age 2, his parents divorced. A man in New Zealand found himself in a hairy situation after being sucked off the coast by a sea puss, later that year passing away a few days later. Before the next year he suffered from the flu, stuck in bed. At age 3, his mother married Hector Ramirez, a 23-year-old student. He chose for this activity, when he was 4 to color. At age 5, his stepfather pranked him, convincing he was invisible so he did the right thing and told his mother. At, age 6 he been enrolled in Harp Primary School, as his mom let him on his way. A kid named, Victor Martinez wanted to be his friend so he agreed. He went to get his eyes checked, and passed during that year of 1st grade. While in his teacher, Mrs. Meza's class, his classmate Esteban all of sudden begins ripping pages out of the class textbook one-at-a-time yelling, 'DELETE" with each new page tear, He laughed cause he couldn't stop, he had been sent to the principals office, apologizing crying. His parents asked, for him to join a school club, so he joined chess. At age, 10 his mother got him a poodle, named Alexander.  His mother took, him to a trip to visit his relatives in Monterrey Mexico. He agreed and was appreciative.  

== Teenhood ==
His stepfather told you he was going to bring you to a race that he really wanted to go to but instead brought him to the library, He told his mother. At age 15, he started secondary school, at Cabo San Lucas Secondary school. While at the gym, He met a girl named Carmen Miranda, and wanted to date her, they both agreed. She wants to break up with, him so he begged her to stay but she dumped him. And got his drivers license, and got a horse carriage. He joined the year book club, and the popular kids. And also started dating Cecilia Jimenez. Even know he was a virgin, his girlfriend Celcilia wanted to take it to the next level, and he said sure why not. During his last year of being a teen, he graduated from secondary school, and got a job as a cashier at Allegro Depot.

== Personal life ==
While relaxing at a pool party with his friend, he noticed that his friend Victors girlfriend, Lidia, keeps looking at you suggestively while licking a popsicle, I reported her. *even know he has no girlfriend-* His mother and stepfather gave birth to a baby boy name Emiliano, his new half brother. (1856) His poodle died from Natural causes, after being founded by his mother.  After, hard try's at age 24, Cecilia is pregnant with his baby. He and her gave birth to a baby girl, named Sara Trejo, a beautiful baby girl with fair-tan skin and purple eyes, she would've grown tall in her life just like her father. His half brother, got diagnosed with Whooping cough. Cecilia, proposed to me at a horse track, I accepted it and got married a year later. After that, his wife got pregnant again. And gave his son a vaccine, and named her Juliana (1859) . His daughter, got whooping cough. At that year, she got pregnant again, with his baby. His daughter, was no longer suffering from Whooping cough. Cecilia gave birth, to a baby boy named Juan Manual Trejo. He had his son Juan Manual Circumcised. His wife. suggested that the two of them apply for a mortgage and buy a lovely Cottage that went up for sale, and they bought it. While on the phone, he learned that his father passed away at age 77 from complications of old age, He planned his funeral and decided to cremate him, and sprinkled his father ashes, over Christmas dinner. While he worked as a cashier, a customer gives him a large bill although he thinks he gave Ramiro a small bill, He politely told him his mistake. His supervisor, Angela just told him that she would really love to manspread him, he got a bit uncomfortable but in order to keep his job he had to do it. On Christmas day, all he could think about was getting back into bed because he felt so Fatigued and achy, and got treated for the flu. His wife, got pregnant again, and gave birth to a baby girl named, Margarita. While going out for a steak dinner at Maestro Diner, his T-Bone steak comes out cold and bloody, I demanded its paid. His wife, got pregnant with his baby, and gave birth to a baby boy named, Marco Trejo. (1872) In 1874, his daughter got diagnosed with Sickle Cell Disease, disease as he ran trying to find doctors to heal his daughters illness crying for hope. His daughter Juliana, graduated, he started having a fever and got the flu, but it got treated. His friend got cancer of the Testicle. His daughter, passed away at age 19 after fainting in her house from complications of Sickle Cell disease, They buried her in a graveyard. His friend got treated. They both became good friends, as they became best friends. While he was on the clock as a cashier, one of his customers is a bit short on an item, she's trying to purchase so he helped her pay. His wife Cecilia convinced him to get a Botox, so he agrees. Hid friend, dies from natural causes, And he went to his funeral. His, wife wants to get up to some mischief with him, and pulled the fire alarm at the largest apartment complex at 3am. His daughter, came out as Bisexual, He gave her the best support.  His mother passed away at age 77, while sleeping peacefully, He cremated her, and buried the rest of her ashes buried. His son, Marco was stuck in bed after being diagnosed with Pneumonia, for 2 weeks. Its Mid-afternoon and he is exhausted and in desperate need of a pick-me-up so he went for a walk. His son Juan Manuel as asked him to take him Geocaching, he agreed had fun. I agreed to have Cognac, at a church because it was his wife. His stepfather, passed away from complications of old age. He paid his respects at his funeral. The doorbell rings, and he sees a pair of missionaries preparing their speech through the peep hole. He tells them he's not interested. He retires, finally from his job after 49 years in the beloved company, at age 67. His son Marco, graduated from Graduate school. He started his new position as Asst. Principal for Cabo San Lucas Public school. His hairdresser, asked him to try some Special K, He said 'Hell no." He didn't want to horserace. His wife, asked to go to the theater, so they both went. He tried, to offer some change to his looks, so he got a neck tattoo. He, decided to try some Ritalin after his friends brother asked. He also tried rum the next year, since his wife wanted to. He starts getting addicted to alcohol. I argued with a drunk, after he wanted some change. He consumed a large amount of alcohol, before driving and have been pulled over by the police, he lied for the sake of his family, and got arrested, and got hurt, he had to pay somehow. And got arrested for 4 years. He got a divorce, since she's not dating a jailbird. He starts suffering from Alcohol poison. During the next year he got out of prison. A rabid fox keeps chilling in his yard so he throws rocks at it. He consumed a large amount of alcohol before driving, and have been pulled over by the police, so he started crying, and got arrested again.  He messed with a strong prisoner, and with another one,

== death ==
On May 4th, 1916, after playing basketball in the courtyard he collapsed, and a few hours later he passed away peacefully. Most of his family members didn't attend his funeral. His net worth was 178,188$ What was left of the Trajo Familia, was his four children, and his half brother Emiliano.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Mexicans]]
[[Category:Old people]]