'''Jacob Bradley Marshall''' (September 25, 1956 - December 5, 2021) was an [[United States|American]] engineer and Air Force veteran. He served for a total of forty years, eight as an enlistee and thirty-two an officer. After retiring, he worked as an engineer for three years until his death. 

==Early life==
Jake was born in Pittsfield to Leah Marshall (1921 - 1998), a wedding planner. His father was Bradley Marshall, who loved his family, but mysteriously vanished shortly after Jake's birth. Jake had a half-sister, Laila Morgan (born 1959), a soldier in the Army who retired the year Jake died, and a bulldog named Carter. He had two best friends from childhood, Yaz Nader (1956 - 1984), who was killed in a hit and run, and Lee Alexander (born 1956). 

Marhsall was interested in sports at a young age, but he wasn't fit to play during middle school. He joined the weight club to get stronger. Despite the workout, he was still unfit for the track team in high school. He joined the weight club again, as well as the cycling and fencing clubs.

==First years in the Air Force and college==
After graduating high school in 1974, Marshall enlisted in the Air Force. He served in five positions during his first eight years of service:

- Airman Basic (1974 - 1975)

- Airman (1975 - 1977)

- Airman First Class (1977 - 1979)

- Senior Airman (1979 - 1981)

- Staff Sergeant (1981 - 1982)

In 1982, following his first honorable discharge, Marshall began college at the  University of Pittsburgh in an engineering program. There, he met his future wife, Serbian-born grocer Zeljana Valhovic. Marshall joined four university clubs, including Habitat for Humanity, Home Economics, Outdoors and Puzzle. He was a part of the "talented kids" clique. 

During his junior year in college, Marhall and Valhovic got eloped, though his mother disapproved at first. He also witnessed his best friend, Yaz, get run over and killed by a car while walking. Some speculate that it was murder, though the driver has never been identified.

==Return to the Air Force==
After graduation, Marhsall returned to the Air Force in 1986 as a Second Lieutenant. He served in six positions (and one more posthumously):

- Second Lieutenant (1986-1987)

- First Lieutenant (1987-1990)

- Captain (1990-1996)

- Major (1996-2002)

- Lieutenant Colonel (2002-2014)

- Colonel (2014-2018)

- Brigadier General (honorary; 2021)

In 1997, Marshall was given his first deployment mission. He was sent to a deadly rebel enchantment in Hungary. He accidently stepped on a landmine, and the explosion burnt his ear and split his chin. In 2005, he accepted another deployment, this time to a dangerous militant sector of Peru. Once again, he accidentally stepped on a landmine, branding his chin, scorching his forehead and blistering his arm. 

A year after his second deployment, at age 50, Marhsall was diagnosed with PTSD. He suffered from the disease until 2011.

==Retirement and engineering career==
In 2018, after reaching the mandatory retirement age for the military, having served a total of 40 years in the Air Force in eleven positions, Marshall found work as an engineer at Assvogel Enginners. He worked as an engineer for three years until his death in 2021.

==Personal life==
Marshall married Zeljana Valhovic in 1984 and remained married for 37 years until his death. They had four children together: 

- Randy (born 1986)

- Alexa (born 1988)

- Naoki (born 1992) 

- [[Slobodan Marshall|Slobodan]] (born 2004); rapper know by stage name "Slow Bo"

==Death==
On December 5, 2021, while returning home from Christmas shopping, Marshall encountered a rattlesnake. He tried to rescue it out of pure kindness, but he was bit. He died from the poison, aged 65. He is survived by his wife, four children, half sister. Laila, and nephew, Levi. For his heroic act of trying to help a wild animal, the Air Force posthumously promoted Marshall to Brigadier General. 

==Trivia==
* Marshall's date of death was Walt Disney's 120th birthday. 

[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Engineers]]
[[Category:Vietnam veterans]]
[[Category:Gulf War veterans]]
[[Category:Iraq War veterans]]