Otto Schmitz (1842-) was born a male on August 16th, 1842 in Dortmund, Germany. By the hands of Sophie Becker, a writer (age 37.) and Samuel Schmitz, a trucker (age 63). Otto has a Identical twin brother name Oskar. He has a family pointer named Missy. During Otto's childhood, he loved planes and wanted to a pilot.

== Early life ==
At age, 1 his father and mother had a baby girl named Elena, his new sister. She was convinced when his parents had a weekend getaway without him. His father has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, and Otto suffered from the flu. While playing with his brother at, age 4 he accidently broke his parents bedroom, he lied because he didn't want to get in trouble because of it. His, pointer attacked him causing his face to be a bit distorted due to the bites. Otto, and his identical twin started Primary school. At, age 8 he suffered from the flu, bedridden in his bed. His classmate, Ad0lf Wagner sculpted a extremely large p3nis in art class- WAIT-, instead of snitching he just laughed. He decided to brush and floss, because he wanted to get them sparkly and clean. He also joined the chess club at age 11. At, aged 12 their dog had passed away, in her sleep. At age, 15 Otto's, father passed away from natural causes. 

== Personal life ==
At, age 19 he started college for education, at age 23 he graduated going for a graduate degree. He also started dating a girl named Magda Meier. The next, year she got pregnant, and at age 25, she and Otto gave birth to a baby boy named Benedikt Schmitz, at that year he got a part-time job as a camp counselor to make extra money in order to become a pilot. At age, 27 she and Otto got pregnant again and age, 28 gave birth to a baby boy named Theodor, unfortunaly during that year Benedikt got diagnosed with cancer of the gallbladder. At age, 31 his son Benedikt passed away due to complications of cancer of the gallbladder.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Germans]]