'''Carter Mattel''' (August 4, 1970 - June 22, 2050), better known as his stage name, '''Carter the Matter''', was an [[United States|American]] rapper. Born in Chicago in 1970, Carter grew up to like music and learned how to play the guitar and piano, eventually taking voice lessons and signing a contract with Radial Entertainment to become a rapper at 24 years old. Throughout his career, he made many albums and singles, and became a millionaire, with many of his albums and singles going platinum. He died in 2050, aged 80.

==Early life==
Carter was born on August 4, 1970, in Chicago to Air Force enlistee Kim Sweat (1939-2021) and makeup artist Virgil Mattel (1920-1993). Carter started taking guitar lessons at the age of 8. After he perfected the guitar, he switched to keyboard and mastered it. He had a California kingsnake named Candy. At age 16 in 1986, Carter dropped out of high school and started to work 14 hours a week as a swim instructor for Chicago Aquatic Center. During this time, he started taking voice lessons. He also committed some crimes during this period such as burglary, shoplifting, and grand theft auto.

==Career==
In 1989, Carter was released from the swim instructor position. He became a cashier for The Hill Company, while still taking voice lessons. In 1990, he went to auditions for different music agencies for different genres but couldn't impress them. He continued the voice lessons, and in 1994, he was finally offered a contract by Radial Entertainment for making rap music. Carter signed the contract and began his long career with the stage name of "Carter the Matter".Although he mainly did old school hip-hop, he would make a few traps singles late-career. He retired in 2036 with 5 years remaining on his contract.

===Discography===
''Transpirin' In the Hood''(1994) (Single)

''The Matter LP''(1995) (Album)

''WHATS OCCURING''(1996) (Album)

''Mile'' (1997) (Album)

''Swimming In''(1998) (Single)

''Live lit''(1999) (Album)

''Thirty''(2000) (Single)

''Hookups n Pushups''(2001) (Single)

''GASTROWORLD''(2002) (Album)

''The Master Plan''(2003) (Single)

''Dump it like it's hot''(2004) (Single)

''Matter Murder''(2005) (Album)

''Prayers LP''(2006) (Album)

''Brutal Spring''(2007) (Album)

''Got everybody listenin'''(2008) (Album)

''WAM''(2009) (Single)

''Forty LP (2010) (Album)''

''Man on Saturn''(2011) (Album)

''SICKIE MODE''(2013) (Single)

''Crickets in the trap''(2014) (Single)

''PSYCHO MODE''(2015) (Single)

''On my own level''(2016) (Album)

''Plop like it's hot''(2019) (Single)

''Covered in sauce''(2020) (Single)

''The Blue Album''(2021) (Single)

''Carterland''(2022) (Single)

''Plop like it's hot''(2023) (Live remaster)

''Whole lotta stacks''(2024) (Single)

''One Snitch Two Snitch Dead Snitch Don't Snitch''(2026) (Single)

''The Matter LP 2''(2029) (Album)

''Whole lotta whips''(2031) (Single)

''Permitted to Thrill (2034) (Album)

''AintNoHalfRappin''(2035) (Single)

==Personal life==
Carter hooked up with a fan named Miranda Evans, resulting in Evans giving birth to a baby girl named Heather Mattel. Shortly after, Carter married Jenny Raponea, who was another fling he hooked up with. Carter divorced Raponea in 2015.

==Criminal activities==
From late 80s to early 90s, Carter burglarized homes, stole from his neighbors' porch, shoplifted, and even stole a car (which he would scrap years later). After signing with Radial Entertainment in 1994, Carter decided to abandon his criminal life for good and focus on making rap. However, after his death, police discovered that he had robbed the Chicago Trojan Bank in 2003 while disguised as a security guard, getting away with $700,000 in cash. There was no other discovery of other crimes after 1994.

==Health issues==
In 2002, Carter got hepatitis b. and syphilis. He was treated, and while he was cured of syphilis, he would have hepatitis b. for the rest of his life.

In 2006, Carter contracted malaria after a private flight on a Jet 400 Bombardier to Estonia. He was treated and cured.

In 2009, Carter underwent a penis enlargement surgery, and it was botched. Carter sued the doctor, seeking 1 million dollars in damages, and won.

==Post-retirement activities==
After his retirement, Carter's fame started to fade, so he became active on YouTube. As he was extremely rich, he donated millions of dollars to charity and kept growing the big car collection he had been accumulating for the past 33 years. He also played a lot of blackjack in the local casino during this time.

==Death==
Carter died in his sleep in June 22,2050 with a net worth of $138,297,092. He was 80 years old. His funeral was attended by his daughter, Heather and his half-sister, Sophie.

Free copies of his best-seller book, The Big Enchilada, were handed out to the attendants.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Burglars]]
[[Category:Thieves]]
[[Category:Bank robbers]]