{{Infobox_character|name=Hanako Kaneko|birthDate=February 11, 2013|affiliation=Kyoto Public Schools (2047-2095)|marital=Married (Post-Arranged Marriage by her mother, Before Jiraiya's Death)

Widowed (After Jiraiya's Death)|birthPlace=Kyoto, Japan|deathPlace=Kyoto, Japan|species=Human|gender=Female|eyes=Light Blue|relatives=Hinata Kaneko (Mother) ✝️

Unknown Father (Father) ✝️

Yuito Kaneko (Little Brother) ✝️

Yuki Kaneko-Endo (Son)

Jiraiya Kaneko-Endo (Husband, Arranged Marriage by her Mom) ✝️|deathDate=August 15, 2111}}


'''Hanako Kaneko''' (February 11, 2013 - August 15, 2111) was a little-known actress who worked in series, and worked in school administration, where she worked for over 40 years.


== Early Life ==

=== Infant Ages ===
Hanako was born on February 11, 2013 after her mother, Hinata Kaneko, a 36-year-old mail carrier, was impregnated by an anonymous donor at a fertility clinic.

=== Education ===
In 2019 (Age 6), she was admitted to St. Yuna Elementary School, where she was bullied 2 times in 2020 (age 7), and in 2022 (age 9), by her classmate Toshi.



She graduated from Elementary School in 2024 (age 11). In 2025 (age: 12) Hanako started Lower Secondary school at a private school: Kojima Lower Secondary School, where after intensive acting lessons, she joined the Drama Club, The same year she began spending time with the Drama Kids clique, where she was noticed by a clique leader and decided to take Hanako into her part. This is where Drama Club Members started performing for everyone at school, Hanako took part in school plays without hesitation (she played the lead role), gained popularity in school (similar to the Popular Kids clique), and was respected by everyone at school. in 2027 (Age: 14), she became Vice-President of the Drama Club, after her fellow members of the Drama Club gave Her nomination (even by President of this club itself).


== Career ==

=== Part-Time Jobs ===
Hanako worked on two part-time jobs.  the first job was as a newspaper delivery person from 2027 to 2028 (age: 14 to 15), she left her job.  The second part-time job is a sandwich maker at Granite Cafe, she worked there from 2035 to 2040 (age: 22 to 27), left, this time due to high blood pressure due to stress, while working at the Film Studios.


=== Actress Carrer ===

==== As Actress ====


==== Filmography ====
{| class="fandom-table"
|+
!Year
!"TV Show/Movie" Title
!Role
|-
|2039
|Thoroughly Fabulous (Season 2) / TV Show (Sitcom) 
|Sudsy
|-
|2040
|Bacon Level Midnight / TV Show (Action)
|Sarah Longfellow 
|-
|2041
|Rowerton (Season 2) / TV Show (Drama) 
|Mariav Chipstead
|}

=== Post-Famous ===
Hanako decided to stop acting in the 2045 (at the age of 32), causing her fame to drop to zero and ending her famous life, she fired Shintaro Hatake. In the same year, she enrolled and was accepted into a graduate school because she decided to remain in school administration after graduation (starting as Assistant Principal of Kyoto Public Schools)


== Personal Life ==

In 2025 (Age: 12), Hanako's mom took her and her brother Yuito on a family vacation to Crete, Greece.

In 2039 (Age: 26), Hanako's mother, Hinata, tried to arrange a wedding for her daughter to Jiraiya Endo, ending up with Hanako marrying him and leaving her last name, and Jiraiya Endo taking her last name and changing it to Kaneko-Endo.

Hanako in 2046 (age 33) took her husband (Jiraiya) and son Yuki on an economy class vacation to Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, United States.

== Death ==
Hanako died in 2111 (age: 98) as she lay in bed waiting for her death.

== Trivia ==

*Hanako was a member of the Drama Club and the Drama Kids clique throughout Lower Secondary School (Vice President at 2027 (age: 14), Upper Secondary School (Treasurer at 2030 (age: 17), and University (Secretary at 2033 (age: 20), then Drama Club President at 2034 (age: 21). (Hanako also was on par with the popularity of Popular Kids clique, and was popular throughout her education.)
*
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Old people]]