'''Nisanur Demirtas''' (April 10, 1995 - November 29, 2022) was a Turkish woman who was known for her crime spree in her late teen-hood. She gained widespread infamy in 2014 when she fled the country and tried to illegally enter the United States. Following her deportation back to Türkiye, she spent the last decade of her life in prison until her death. 

==Early life==
Nisanur was born in Ankara, Republic of Türkiye to Hira Nur Meyrili (born 1975) and Poyraz Demirtas (born 1951), a year before her parents' wedding. Her father is a retired truck driver and her mother is a restauranter. She has two younger siblings, Hasan (born 2001) and Ela (born 2011). Hasan works as a mailman.

==Crimes==
Demirtas graduated from secondary school in 2013 at the age of 17. Later that year, she would embark on her self-proclaimed "career" of a Robin Hood-like criminal activity, only targeting "bad" people. She first attempted to burglarize the home of a pimp. However, the pimp's dog caught her, forcing her to flee before the police arrived. Next, Demirtas burgled the mansion of a corrupt millionaire. She stole his television, teddy bear, computer, watch, and diamond, trading the items at a pawn shop for $17,449. A little while later, after causing some mischief with her boyfriend, Nisanur tried to steal a Mitsubishi Evolution X, but the cops arrived before she could start it. She was arrested and taken to court shortly after. As she was still a child, she was sentenced to spend one year in juvie before serving three years in an adult prison. Demirtas was subsequently sent to Mardin Juvenile Detention Center. 

In 2014, upon turning 18, Demirtas was transferred from Mardin to Ankara Correctional Institution, a medium security prison. After a conjugal visit with her boyfriend, she received a joke book from her mother. The book was confiscated by the prison guards, prompting Nisanur to start a riot. In the chaos, she was beaten by the guards; her hip was bashed, fist impaled, tooth grazed, and skull cracked. In the aftermath of the riot, Demirtas was able to escape.

==Death==
On November 29, 2022, Hira sent Nisanur a teddy bear as a gift. The guards confiscated the bear, making Nisanur angry. She started a fight with the guards, only to be beaten by them yet again. This beating was fatal, as she succumbed to her injuries in the infirmary. Her family attended her funeral. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Turkish People]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Young people]]