'''Alexandra Thomas-Brown''' (September 26, 1900 – November 21, 2021) (or '''Alexandra Thomas''' at birth.) was a Financial Analyst, a Sr. Stockbroker, and the 2nd oldest person in history, with a lifespan of 121 years, 1 month, and 26 days

According to an interview when she was 120, '''Alexandra Thomas-Brown''' outlived both her daughter, Brittany, and her son, Samuel.

==Early life and education==
'''Alexandra Thomas''' was born on September 26, 1900, in Saskatoon, Canada. Her father, Drake Thomas (1861), was a real estate agent, and her mother, Alanis Simone (1875), was a restaurant worker, gave birth to her in a motel in Las Vegas. She had an older half-brother, Miles Simone (1896).

At the age of six (1906), she enrolled in primary school at Handy Primary School. and then at the age of twelve (1912), she started middle school at St. BJ's Middle School, and then at the age of fifteen (1915), she started secondary school at Young Secondary School. and then at the age of eighteen (1918), she started university at an unknown university. and then at the age of twenty-two (1922), she graduated.

==Personal life==
On 1914, at the age of 14, she dated Duke Brown (1899) on a gym, On 1921, at the age of 21, Duke Brown proposed to her with a pyrite ring at a family reunion, she accepted his proposal, On 1923, at the age of 23, she married Duke Brown, following the wedding, she decided to hyphenate her last name, now she is '''Alexandra Thomas-Brown'''. On 1925, at the age of 25, her father died of complications from old age. She decided for him to be taxidermized and be put on display in her home. she inherited $604,748. then on 1926, at the age of 26, she became pregnant with Duke's baby, after 9 months, she gave birth to a baby girl named Brittany Brown. then on 1931, at the age of 31, she became pregnant with Duke's baby again, then she said, "I don't want any more kids, 2 is enough, next time, I'm taking birth control.", after 9 months, she gave birth to a baby boy named Samuel, Brown. then the next day, she went on birth control. then on 1937, at the age of 37, she started a Mediterranean diet.

===Old life===
On 1951, at the age of 51, her daughter, Brittany, had been diagnosed with mad cow disease, she said to her these words, "It will be fine, you can do it, you can fight it, all of it will be gone, just stand up to it!". 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Canadians]]
[[Category:Stockbrokers]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]