'''Marshall Cross II''' (2852-2933) was an Italian-French soccer player and financial analyst.

== Early life (2852-2875) ==
Cross was born in Genoa, Italy. He was the younger of two brothers born to [[Cristiano Cross II]] and his girlfriend Bobbie Sue Morgan-Johnson. He was named for his 13x great-granduncle.

Cross went to Caruso Secondary School and was on the soccer team for a year before graduating in 2871.

Cross went to the University of Genoa and played soccer for CUS Genoa before graduating with a BS in Mathematics in 2875.

== Sports career (2875-2892) ==
In 2875, Cross joined Genoa as a forward.

In 2881, Cross was released by Genoa and joined Milan.

In 2892, Cross was released by Milan and emigrated to Lyon, France.

== Financial analysis career (2905-2914) ==
In 2905, Cross became a junior financial analyst for Eager Beaver Designs.

In 2914, Cross retired.

== Death ==
In 2933, Cross died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
From 2870 to 2892, Cross dated his Qatari-Italian classmate, Aisha Ansari (2850-after 2904), who became a mailwoman in 2872. They had four children:

# Miranda Cross II (2871-2879)
# Tina Cross II (2872-2960), authoress
# Ramona Cross II (2873-2877)
# Jorge Cross II (2874-2955), fireman

In 2892, Cross started dating a student named Mila Martinez (2868-2951), who became a marine biologist in 2893. They had two children:

# Natalie Cross II (2893-after 2983), marriage counselor
# [[Luther Cross II]] 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Italians]]
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Old people]]