'''Chadwick Charles Chippendale''' (December 28, 1925 - February 19, 2022), stage named '''CCC''' ('''Triple C'''), was an American choreographer whose career spanned six decades. He spent his entire career dancing for the Vegas-based studio Valley School of Dance, where, starting in 1979, the Chippendale dancing business also performed. Inspired to do so by his own surname, Chadwick also became a Chippendale dancer. 

==Life and career==

===1925-1943: Early years===
Chadwick was born as a planned pregnancy in Las Vegas. His mother, Virginia (later Pratt) (1895 - 1977) was a jewler who sold jewelry to fundraising collectors. His father, James "Jimmy" Chippendale (1892 - 1966) was a professor. Chad's parents divorced in 1934. Around that time, his half-brother, Shaggy, was born. Virginia married Ezekiel Pratt (1901 - 1966) a trucker. Jimmy married college student Chloe Price (1916 - 1991) in 1937.

===1943-1947: College===

===1947-1953: Early career===

===1953-1959: Breakout=== 

===1959-1983: Success and first-born son's death===
In 1959, . 

In 1983, Donald was killed in a skydiving accident when his parachute malfunctioned, failing to deploy. With the popularity of the DB Cooper incident at the time, the FAA declared initial minor investigations in search of any signs of sabatoge. When asked about his thoughts on his son's death, Chad refused to comment.

===1983-2007: Later career and retirement===

===2007-2022: Final years and death===

==Legacy==

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Dancers]]
[[Category:Old people]]