'''Nakita Jones''' (1911-2021) was a US army veteran, carpenter, and telemarketer. She had six children with her husband, Joshua Scholz.

===== Early Life =====
Nakita Jones was born to Stephanie and Cooper Jones in St. Louis, USA. When she was nine, she was bulled by a classmate. She attempted to kick her classmate, but missed. She was promptly scolded by the principal. A year later, Brittany Jones, her sister, was born.

===== School Life =====
Nakita Jones joined the academic decathlon club, the book club, the politics club, and the sign language club when she attended Prominence Middle School. She served as secretary for the academic decathlon club for a year before she graduated. She tried to become a cheerleader at her high school, but was rejected for not being pretty/popular enough, so she joined the gymnastics team instead, which she became captain of when she was 17. She also joined the academic decathlon club, which she became secretary of when she was 16

===== Military Career =====
After graduating high school, she enlisted in the army. After only a year of service, she was sexually harassed by her commanding officer. Feeling as though she didn't have choice, she hooked up with him. She felt even worse when she realized he was married, with no way to apologize to his wife. She was sexually harassed again when she was 33 by another commanding officer, but this time she reported him. When she was 38, she was severely injured after accidently detonating a mine while on deployment. She reached the rank of Sergeant Major before being honorably discharged for reaching the mandatory retirement age.

===== Post Military Career =====
She then became an apprentice carpenter, and worked as a carpenter for 20 years, until she was forced to retire by the company she worked for. She got a job in telemarketing, which she worked until the day she died.

===== Personal Life =====
Nakita was 22 when she met Joshua Scholz, an archaeologist. The same year they started dating, she proposed to him in a rose garden; he refused. She then asked him to elope. Again, he refused. The next year, she proposed to him in an amusement park, to no avail. When she was 24, her sister Brittany died from cancer; she was only 14. Nakita was in too much grief to even consider marriage. However, when she was 25, she proposed to Joshua again in a hot tub. This time, he accepted. Despite him being a multi-millionaire, he married her in a courthouse without a honeymoon. The year after, she gave birth to their first child, Veronica Scholz-Jones. A year later, she gave birth to another daughter, Tiffany. A year afterwards, she gave birth to their first son, Jesse. When she was 30, she had a fourth child, Jessica. A year later, Jennifer was born. She had her sixth child when she was 32, Chloe, after which she went on birth control.

When she was 42, her father died of old age when he was 71. Two years later, her mother remarried. 22 years later, both her grandson and her mother died the same year. The former was only 6; he died of whooping cough. The latter died when she was 92 of a stroke. The next death in the family was Joshua's, who died from old age when he was 91 and Nakita was 86.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:World War II veterans]]
[[Category:Korean War veterans]]
[[Category:Vietnam veterans]]
[[Category:Carpenters]]
[[Category:Telemarketers]]