<!-- Please do not copy or claim it as yours, thank you 😊 -->

{{Infobox_character|name=Ludwig Schmidt|relatives=Jana Schuster (1886-) status: unknown/Likely dead today
   Phillip Schmidt (1871-) status: unknown/Likely dead today
 Leon Schmidt (1911-1922) status: dead
 Phillip Schmidt (1924-193) status: dead
 Angelina (1923-) Status: Unknown/Likely dead today|affiliation=High school student (1930-1934) 
University student (1934-1938)
Research assistant (1937-1938)
Newspaper Delivery person (1938-1942)|marital=Lisa Auer (1926-1937) Sarah Reiter (1937-1942)|birthDate=September 16th, 1916|birthPlace=Vienne, Austria|deathDate=March 14th, 1942|deathPlace=Vienne, Austria|species=Human|gender=Male}}

Ludwig Schmidt (1916-1943) was born a male in Vienna, Austria. He was concieved while his mother and father were on a picnic. His birthday is September 16th, 1916. His mother name is Jana Schuster, a magician (age 30) And his father is Phillip Schmidt (age 45). He has an older brother named Leon (age 5). And a family kitty named Stefan. 

== Childhood ==
At age 2, his brother had been diagnosed with the measles, 6 months after his cat passed away after he suffered a overdose, when his brother took him to a party. At age 4, he squabbled with his brother and Ludwig apologized as he hated fights. At age 6, he got enrolled into St. Elena's Primary School, 2 months after that his brother Leon passed away from complications associated with the measles, Ludwig paid his respects at his funeral, placing a rose in his stone. At age 7, Ludwig's mother and father had a baby girl named, Angelina. At age 8 he had another brother born named after his father Phillip. age 10, he suffered from the chicken pox, a few months he started Middle school, and asked out a girl named Lisa. At age 11 his parents got him and his siblings a cat named Alyssa. At age 14, he had a opportunity to try out for the basketball team, but he refused and focused on his studies. At age 16, he identified as Bisexual At age 17 his brother got diagnosed with Scarlet fever. At age 18, he graduated and started his career focusing on college and he studied Engineering. Ag age 19, his professor flirted with Ludwig, he as a teen was crazy, flirting back. His professor than seduced him, and he later got her pregnant and risked the consequence to have a baby at 20, named Clemens. Around 4 months after his 20th birthday, his brother Phillip died from complications associated with Scarlet Fever. At age 21, he decided to do the same dumb things and got pregnant with her again, and at age 21 she gave birth to a healthy baby girl named Valentina, after hearing the news Lisa broke up with Ludwig, he got pissed off and decided to date another girl named Sarah, and got a part time job as a researcher assistant.

== Personal life/job ==
At age 22, he graduated and got fired and wanted some money to become a pilot to become a astronaut, and chose a newspaper delivery person. At age 23, his cat died from heat exhaustion, and at age 24 he suffered from depression. He quickly loss money and the only resort was to suicide. 


== Death ==
On March 14th, 1943 he was found dead in his bedroom, Probably caused by Suicide, from hanging. His family were in aghast as they heard about the dreadful news, as they called an ambulance as no help was given. A few weeks later was the funeral, as his son called him "paragon of science" And a "A exemplar of heroism" Today Ludwig Schmidt was known for his troubled upbringing (also known as bad childhood) The death wouldn't stop him even with debt.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]