{{Infobox_character|name=Bogdan Stepaniak|relatives=|marital=Married to Zhadana Petrenko|birthPlace=Kharkiv, USSR|deathPlace=Kharkiv, Ukraine|gender=Male|birthDate=29 august, 1978|deathDate=16 september, 2051}}

Bogdan Stepaniak (August 29, 1978 - September  16, 2051) was a Ukrainian military man, born in Kharkiv (USSR) and lived there all his life until his death.

== Early age (up to 18 years) ==
Bogdan was born in Kharkiv on August 29, 1978. His mother, Olena Stepaniak (1950 - 2021) became pregnant after soaking in filthy public hot tub. His father was unknown and also they had a family cat named Simba. When he was 1 year old, his mother married Pavlo Chura (1947-1993), a 32-year-old retailer with a child named Lyudmila Chura (born in 1978).  Bogdan's stepfather treated him badly, was often angry with him and refused to spend time with him.  At the age of 4, he became friends with his first friend Mikhailo Pavlik (1978 - 2049).  At the age of 6, he was enrolled in primary school at Alexander Conrad Primary School, also he became friends with Joseph Pitoniak (born in 1978), Fadeyka Fedak (1978 - 2038). When he was 8, his mother gave birth to a sister Olena Chura (born in 1986).  When Bogdan was 9, his beloved cat Simba died. Bogdan asked his parents to buy him a dog, but they refused. When Bogdan was 10 years old, his sister Olena was diagnosed with cancer of buttocks, but 1 year later she was cured. At the age of 9 he became friends with his beautiful classmate Zhadana Petrenko (born in 1978). At the age of 10 he asked out to Zhadana Petrenko. Bogdan started dating with her. Pavel Chura, Bogdan's stepfather, died at the age of 46. He was killed by Bogdan. Bogdan could no longer stand such an attitude towards himself. Also at the age of 15 Bogdan started upper secondary school. When he was 18, he graduated from upper secondary school.

== Personal life ==
Bogdan started dating Zhadana Petrenko at the age of 10 at school, and when they were 22 they got married! At the age of 19, he joined the Ukrainian Army and stayed here until he retired. At the age of 23, he bought his first house and moved out from his mother. When he was 24 he bought his first puppy. It was French bulldog named Gus. At the age of 25, his stepsister and her husband had a baby boy named Danylko! At the age of 26 he became friends with Hryhory Bandura. At the age of 27 he became friends with Volodymyr Romanchuk. At the age of 28, the happiest event in Bogdan's life happened. His first child was born! She was named Arina (born in 2006). At the age of 32, Bogdan and his wife Zhadana had a baby boy named Ivan (born in 2010)! When Bogdan was 33, his dog named Gus passed away after a heart attack. Gus was 8. At the age of 34, Zhadana and Bogdan had a baby named Olha (born in 2012)! Bogdan gladly agreed to be sent to hostile territory in the depths of Afghanistan. But during mine clearance, he accidentally stepped on a mine! His anal cavity was burned and his jugular vein was mutilated. But, a miracle happened! Bogdan was hospitalized, and he recovered from his injuries and survived! At the age of 37 Bogdan and Zhadana had a baby named Sofiyko (born in 2015). Bogdan was diagnosed with PTSD.  At the age of 41 Bogdan was cured of PTSD. When Bogdan was 43, one of the saddest events in his life happened. His mother died, she was 71 years old. At the age of 49 Bogdan deployed in rebel encampment in Thailand and stepped on mine. His scrotum was charred and his anal cavity was incinirated. In 2030, a friend of 60-year-old Bogdan Fadeyka Fedak died. In 2035, 75-year-old Hryhory Bandura, Bogdan's best friend, with whom he had been friends since his time in the army, died. When Bogdan was 68, his friend Volodymyr passed away at the age of 78. In 2050, when Bogdan was 72 years old, he and his wife Zhadana celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary.

== Death ==
In 2051, on September 16, 73-year-old Bogdan Stepaniak died while sleeping peacefully. He had 9 grandchildren and 4 children. In his entire life, he has never cheated on his wife. The only very bad action is the murder of the stepfather, although the stepfather treated Bogdan very badly. During these 73 years, Bogdan has lived a fairly happy life, he has been abroad, at sea, although he did not live very long. Rest in peace, Bogdan!
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Ukrainians]]