'''Victoria McWeeny I''' (3419-3494) was an American porn star, politician, and jurist.

== Early life (3419-3444) ==
McWeeny was born in Los Angeles, California. She was the only child of [[Nathan McWeeny, Jr.]] and his girlfriend Maddie Page-Marino. 

In 3424, McWeeny enrolled at Little Blanchard Elementary School. 

In 3430, McWeeny enrolled at Essence Middle School. 

In 3434, McWeeny enrolled at Peacock High School. She murdered her parents and was sent to the Coastal Home. 

In 3437, McWeeny graduated from high school. She enrolled at the University of California at Los Angeles. She majored in political science and was a member of Alpha Chi Omega. 

In 3441, McWeeny graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science. She enrolled at UCLA School of Law. 

In 3444, McWeeny graduated from law school. 

== Porn career (3444-3451) ==
In 3444, McWeeny became a porn actor for Horseshoe Studios.

In 3451, McWeeny became famous. She resigned.

== Political career (3451-3483) ==
In 3451, McWeeny ran for election to the Los Angeles Unified School District and beat Bobbie Sue Suzuki-Chan.

In 3455, McWeeny ran for reelection and beat Skylar Caballo.

In 3459, McWeeny ran for Mayor of Los Angeles as a Democrat and beat Republican candidate Ginger Dangle-Winfrey.

In 3463, McWeeny ran for reelection and beat Republican candidate Jimbo Fudge.

In 3467, McWeeny ran for Governor of California, but lost to Republican candidate Carlos Glasscock.

In 3471, McWeeny ran for Governor of California again, but lost to Socialist candidate Darnell Ruth.

In 3475, McWeeny ran for Governor of California a third time and beat Republican candidate Billy Grande.

In 3479, McWeeny ran for reelection and beat Republican candidate Amber Wallace.

In 3483, McWeeny ran for President of the United States, but lost to Republican candidate Aria Dangle.

== Judicial career (3483-3485) ==
In 3483, McWeeny was appointed as a Magistrate.

In 3485, McWeeny retired.

== Murder ==
In 3494, McWeeny was murdered by her son.

== Relationship and child ==
In 3483, McWeeny started dating a dancer named Jeff Sack (3449-3494). They had a son:

# [[Randall McWeeny]]

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Mayors]]
[[Category:Old people]]