Welcome! Research is done for the history of certain people that may have already died, or are still alive! This research page is about '''Mitch Rogers'''.

<br />

==Early Life==

=== Age 0 (1947) ===
Mitch Rogers (1947-2021) was born on October 20, 1947, in Washington, United States. His father, [[Blair Rogers]], was 49 years old then, (1898-1967) and a mortician.

His mother, Sydney Rogers, was 46 years old then, (1901-2000) and the manager of [UNKNOWN]. a grocery store.

His sister was Jen Rogers, and then 9 years. (1938) (Still alive at 19 February, 2022, at the age of 84.)

He also had an Abyssinian Cat named Anita, then 0 years old (1947-?) (Dissapeared at the age of 8, 1955)

He was not really a smart fellow, and even once got insulted by some random person as ugly when he was still a baby. He was very healthy and happy though.

'''Age 2 (1949)'''

Mitch Rogers got vaccinated against certain diseases.

=== '''Age 3 (1950)''' ===


Mitch Rogers got contracted with skin cancer, further information is currently being studied.

=== Age 4 (1951) ===
Mitch Rogers is starting to suffer more of his skin cancer. His parents decided to rush him to the hospital before he reaches critical condition.

=== Age 5 (1952) ===
Mitch Rogers finally got cured from skin cancer, after a long treatment.

=== Age 8 (1955) ===
Mitch Rogers' cat, Anita escaped at the age of 8.

=== Age 12 (1959) ===
Mitch Rogers finished elementary school with good grades, and started Middle School.

=== Age 14 (1961) ===
Mitch Rogers finished Middle School with perfect grades, and started High School.

=== Age 16 (1963) ===
Mitch Rogers got his driving license

== Mid-Life ==
<br />

=== Age 18 (1965) ===
Mitch Rogers has finished High School, and is going to Community College. His father got cancer of the pancreas at the age of 67. Mitch Rogers started working multiple part-time jobs like secretary, to hope to pay treatment.

=== Age 19 (1966) ===
Mitch Rogers' father, Blair Rogers, is rushed to the hospital in critical condition due to cancer of the pancreas. He is 68.

=== Age 20 (1967) ===
Mitch Rogers' father, Blair Rogers, died of cancer of the pancreas at the age of 69. He was buried. Mitch Rogers finished community college at the age of 20.

=== Age 22 (1969) ===
Mitch Rogers got convicted of larceny, after being caught by a mall cop after trying to steal a precious Rolex watch. Mitch Rogers cooperated with the mall cop and the mall cop called the cops, who took him. He lost the case and was found guilty of larceny. He was sent to a minimum security prison with a sentence of 1 year.

=== Age 23 (1970) ===
Mitch Rogers got released from prison.

He decided to steal a Rolex watch again, but just before the entrance he was stopped by a mall cop, who hit his skull with a baton, and arresting him and letting him being taken by the cops. He was found guilty for larceny again in court and was sent to a minimum security prison for 2 years this time.

=== Age 24 (1971) ===
Mitch Rogers is still serving his sentence for larceny. He attacked a prisoner with a chair, damaging his skull. He got an extra 7 years for assault, and got sent to a medium security prison.

No further incidents have followed in the new prison

=== Age 31 (1978) ===
Mitch Rogers finally got released from prison after being convicted of larceny for the second time and assault while in prison. He eventually got a job as a mortician, and applied for a mortgage for a house.

=== Age 40 (1987) ===
Mitch Rogers' mother, Sydney Rogers, had an accident with falling down the stairs, at the age of 86, and was rushed to hospital.

=== Age 45 (1992) ===
With several promotions before this one, Mitch Rogers got promoted to lead mortician after working there for 14 years.

=== Age 48 (1995) ===
Mitch Rogers' mother, Sydney Rogers, had recovered and was ready to go back home, but fell again at the stairs at the hospital, ending in coma, at the age of 94

=== Age 51 (1998) ===
Mitch Rogers' mother, Sydney Rogers, is already in coma for 3 years now, and is 97 years old. Doctors say there isn't much they can do anymore.

=== Age 53 (2000) ===
Mitch Rogers' mother, Sydney Rogers, died from coma after 5 years at the age of 99.

=== Age 55 (2002) ===
Mitch Rogers got promoted to mortician manager, after working there for 22 years.

== Late Life ==

=== Age 70 (2017) ===
Mitch Rogers retired as mortician manager.

=== Age 71-73 (2018-2020) ===
Mitch Rogers is enjoying his last years, and enjoys driving his car.

=== Age 74 (2021) ===
Mitch Rogers died at 9 October, 2021, at the age of 74. He had a car accident on the highway after being drunk. He was being pursued by the cops when this happened.

== After Death ==

=== Age 75 (19 February, 2022) (Already dead) ===
Mitch Rogers' sister, Jen Rogers, is still alive now, at the age of 84. She is being interviewed for information




<br />
[[Category:Fan Characters]]