Nikita Pavlovna (May 3, 1948 - July 4, 2008) was a Russian Mobster, mainly feared and known for his huge aggression in his older age.
==Early life==
Born in May 3 of 1948, he spent most of his childhood in St. Petersburg, Russia (at the time know as the Soviet Union, or USSR for short). During his childhood, he committed 12 counts of vandalism from 8 to 14 years old, committed 3 counts of Grand Theft Auto from 14 to 17 years old. At only 10 years old, he met the love of his life Kristina Pavlovna, who had his first kiss with her and joked about coincidentally having the same surname as her. After graduation in 1965, after a failed attempt to steal a car, he was arrested and spent 2 weeks in juvenile detention, escaping shortly after. At the same age, he committed his first homicide 3 days after the escape. One year later, he killed his step-mother and came back to prison to spend the remaining 4 years, he recalled that the guards there treated him poorly by beating him. 

== Criminal Career ==
Nikita Pavlovna succesfully joined the Sokolov Crime Family in 1971. He was known for his crazy attempts to extort money from St. Petersburg Savings and Loan, terrorizing its workers and CEO, the main victim in the extortions: when he refused to give him money, Nikita threw him out of the window of his office on the 5th floor. He was also known for his whackings in the mafia, who were estimated to be over 4 murders (6 in total with the other 2 non-mafia related murders). Nikita once disappointed his Czar Chupalova Tikhonovna by failing to kill someone for a promotion.
==Personal Life==
Nikita was married with Kristina Pavlovna and had 3 children with her, Anastasia (who died at 5 years old due to Whooping Cough), Lilova and Mark Pavlovna. Nikita was considered to be a great father and great husband despite his aggressive personality. in his whole life, he commited 6 murders but had an unknown total amount of crimes, the only know total is 21. Nikita and Kristina divorced in 2007.

=== Biggest Heist ===
In the afternoon of September 25 1976, Nikita Pavlovna and 4 of his fellow mobsters entered the biggest and only bank in the USSR, Gosbank, with an AK-47 and ballistic armor with an attempt to rob the place. The Police and the Spetsnaz came 20 minutes later to try to negotiate with them, failing to do so, and breaking in to free the hostages, but they didn't find him nor the others there. Apparently, they sneaked out of the bank and shot the police outside, injuring 7 officers and 2 Spetsnaz units, later escaping with a minivan. It was estimated to be stolen an amount of 10.000.000 dollars (615.250.010 in Rubles, the Russian currency). Only 3 mobsters who participated in the heist were found, arrested and charged with life in prison. The heist became national news 2 minutes after and shocked a whole country.

=== Life in Prison ===
Nikita was finally arrested in 1983 after his failed attempt to rob an office and hold 23 hostages in it, sentenced for life in prison. Nikita Pavlovna was seen as a big target to the guards, who treated him poorly: he recalls that they always denied for him to go to the infirmary, yelled at him for trying to arrange a conjugal visit and beating him most of the time. In response, Nikita caused 3 succesfull riots in the prison. After escaping, he was arrested again 2 years later for felony escape.

==Death==
In July 4 2008, Nikita's life abruptly came to an end after he suffered a stroke from being beaten up by the guards. His body was found washed up in the shore in a metal crate 27 minutes after his death. It was later discovered that the guards tried to remove the evidence by dumping his body at the nearest port. Nikita was later given a proper burial at the Novodevichy Cemetery.

=== Conspiracy about his death ===
A conspiracy was born after his death that Nikita didn't really die, but instead it was his father's body that was stolen from the morgue by the guards, who Nikita bribed at the time he was in prison, for Nikita to then move in Kiev, Ukraine. The conspiracy was later debunked.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Russians]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]