'''Manuel Vespucci''' (April 14, 1935 - May 18, 2021) was an Italian professional soccer player and business analyst. People call him a fastidious fellow, not just having studied English and going into the business world in later life, but an idol in the soccer game. He represented his family with pride through his whole life.

==Early Life==
Vespucci was born on April 14, 1935 in Milan, [[Italy]] to his mother, [[Druscilla Gentileschi]], a writer, and his father, [[Giulio Vespucci]], an archaelogist. Vespucci made several good friends during primary and high school, and had a good, tender relationship with his family cat, Zee. He was educated at St. Priscilla’s Primary School, Integrity Middle School, and Gravity Preparatory School.

At 17 years of age, Vespucci started tried out for the soccer team at his high school. At age 19, upon graduating high school, he Vespucci enrolled in university to start a course in English. He joined the university's soccer team at 20 years of age. At 23 years, he graduated with an under-degree in English in 1958, at age 23. 

==Career==
In 1958, after graduating from university, Vespucci was offered a two-year, €920k contract to play for Torino in the Italian soccer league. He accepted it and joined Torino as a midfielder, and Vespucci was officially famous.

In Vespucci’s 1959 rookie season, Torino finished 12th out of 20 place. In 1951, Vespucci requested a trade to go to Milan, his hometown’s team. They accepted the trade and the home crowd was delighted.

===Business Career===

==Personal Life==
Vespucci had an athlete’s foot during his high schooling, which prompted him into soccer. He also suffered hay fever. Vespucci has also been lifelong best friends with his classmate, Lazaro.

Vespucci struggled to find a good woman to love in his life. He first fell in love with [[Cuba|Cuban]]-born classmate Elizabeth Pérez in 1951, breaking up two years later. In 1956, he fell in love with [[Chiara Gambino]]. Vespucci gave his virginity to her, and got engaged in 1960. Six months later, after having breakfast, Chiara was choking on oatmeal, and Manuel freaked out and called the ambulance. It was too late, and Chiara died. Vespucci was devastated that the wedding couldn’t happen. In 1961, he started dating his third girlfriend Giulia Bucca. In 1963, Giulia cheated on Vespucci, and so he broke up with Giulia the next half year. Vespucci fell in love with his fourth and final girlfriend, [[Giada Toscano]] in 1964, finally engaging in 1969.

Vespucci's first son, and Chiara's only child, Fabio, was born in 1960. When Chiara choked and died, Fabio was only six months old, so Vespucci was a single dad for most of Fabio's young life.

==Death==
On May 18, 2021, Vespucci saw a marijuana farmer breaking into a car. He called the police, but the farmer shot Vespucci with a Gatling gun, shooting his spleen and killing him. He was 86 years old. Vespucci's net worth at the time was €71,826,999. His funeral was attended by his devoted wife, Giada, his four loving children, and his three grandchildren.

His youngest son, [[Stefano Vespucci]], a store manager, was his heir. Manuel left behind his modern home, Mercedes-Bens S-Class (auctioned off), and cash assets settled with his spouse Giada. Stefano inherited €8,719,240 each, paying a total of €1,036,540 in estate tax to the Italian government.

[[Category:Fan Characters|Vespucci, Manuel]]
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Manuel Vespucci}}
[[Category:Italians]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]