{{Infobox_character|name=Dimitris Doukas|relatives=Lambros Doukas (father)<br>Joanna Alexpoulos (mother)<br>Joanna Biros (half-sister)<br>Eva Dellis (wife)<br>Nicole Doukas (daughter)<br>Nefeli Doukas (daughter)<br>Theodora Agne (wife)|affiliation=Emerald Health|marital=Widowed|birthDate=April 3, 1903|birthPlace=Peristeri, Greece|deathDate=July 10, 2017|deathPlace=Athens, Greece|gender=Male|eyes=Brown|height=6 ft 1 in (185 cm)|weight=195 lbs (88 kg)}}

'''Dimitris Doukas''' (April 3, 1903 – July 10, 2017) was a Greek supercentenarian whose age is validated by the Gerontology Research Group (GRG). He is the oldest person ever from Greece. At the time of his death, he was the oldest living man in the world and third-oldest living person in Europe. He was also the ninth-oldest living person in the world. Doukas currently ranks as the eight-oldest validated man in history.

== Early Life ==
Dimitris Doukas was born on April 3, 1903 in Peristeri, a suburb of Athens, Greece. His father, Lambros Doukas (July 4, 1872 – September 27, 1941) was a marine biologist and his mother, Joanna Alexpoulos (January 17, 1876 – August 4, 1956) was a firefighter. His parents were never married; Doukas was the result of an affair. He had a half-sister, Joanna Biros (March 22, 1908 – February 10, 1998). His father was killed in a mass shooting at the age of 69.

== Career ==
After graduating from university with an undergraduate degree in finance in 1925, he applied to graduate school. That same year, he got a part-time job as a camp counselor. He completed graduate school in 1927 and became an internal auditor at Emerald Health, a hospital in Athens. He continued working there until his retirement in 1960.

== Personal Life ==
He moved to an apartment in downtown Athens in 1928. In 1935, he married Eva Dellis (May 8, 1911 – August 22, 1972), with whom he had identical twins, Nicole (June 19, 1936 – February 16, 2022) and Nefeli Doukas (June 19 1936 – March 18, 2024). The family relocated to Vyronas, Greece in 1945. In 1950, they traveled to Barcelona, Spain. Doukas and his wife went on a Hawaii cruise to celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary in June 1965.

=== Later Life ===
Tragedy struck in August 1972, as Doukas’ wife passed away after choking on a piece of lobster. He frantically tried saving her life, but unfortunately he was unable to. Her funeral was held on September 3, 1972.

In 1975, Doukas began dating Theodora Agne (December 6, 1912 – January 27, 1990). In May of the same year, the couple moved to Kaisariani, Greece. They were married on December 6, 1978, Agne’s 66th birthday. Agne was diagnosed with dementia at the age of 72. Her condition deteriorated quickly, and Doukas had to take care of her at all times. 

On January 27, 1990 at approximately 11 p.m., Agne left their apartment and never returned home. Doukas reported her missing the following day, sparking a ginormous investigation by the police. Her body was never found. It is assumed she got lost and eventually starved to death, or found her way to a dangerous neighborhood and got kidnapped. After years of tireless search efforts, Agne was declared dead in 1995. Her funeral was held in July of the same year.

== Health and Longevity ==
Doukas enjoyed good health throughout his life. He never contracted a serious disease or had surgery. He lived on his own until the age of 104, when he moved into a nursing home in Athens.

In April 2003, Doukas celebrated his 100th birthday and became a centenarian.

He became the oldest living man in Greece upon the death of 109-year-old Konstantinos Papadamis on August 4, 2010.

Following the death of 110-year-old Maria Papakyriakou on January 21, 2012, Doukas became the oldest living person in Greece.

On April 3, 2013, Doukas celebrated his 110th birthday and became a supercentenarian, the first man in his country to reach this status. However, he was only the third Greek-born male supercentenarian, as Gregory Pandazes and Frank Fountas celebrated their 110th birthdays in 1983 and 2008 respectively.

Doukas became the oldest living man in Europe following the death of 111-year-old Italian Arturo Licata on April 24, 2014.

Following the death of 112-year-old Yasutaro Koide of Japan on January 19, 2016, Doukas became the oldest living man in the world.

Upon the death of 113-year-old Amalia Arvanetes on March 20, 2016, Doukas became the oldest living Greek-born person, as well as the oldest person ever from Greece, a record he holds to this day.

== Death ==
Doukas died in his nursing home in Athens, Greece on July 10, 2017 at the age of 114 years, 98 days. He was survived by his two daughters. Following his death, 111-year-old Eugenia Vrantis became the oldest living person in Greece, 106-year-old Antonis Sagonas became the oldest living man in Greece, 110-year-old Helen Stamelos became the oldest living Greek-born person, and 105-year old Nedelcho Boikov became the oldest living Greek-born man.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Old people]]