In [[BitLife: Life Simulator|BitLife]], the player can get trolled or troll someone. When the player gets trolled, the player can block them, troll them back, ignore them, or ask them to meet in person. On ''YouTube'' and ''TikTok'' you cannot troll anyone and no one can troll you, but on social media like ''Facebook'', ''Instagram,'' and ''Twitter'' you can troll people and people can troll you. Even if you’re famous or have full fame you can still get trolled.

'''Trolling''' can get your account suspended for '''Abusive Behavior''' if you troll people too much. You can appeal your suspension with five choices, apologize, claim a misunderstanding, act confused, write them an angry email, or threaten them. The best thing to do is apologize, claim a misunderstanding, or act confused, afterways they can unsuspend your account, or your account will still be suspended. Trolling isn't the only reason you can get suspended, if you buy followers too much you can get suspended for '''Spamming''' (on all social media except Facebook; players do not have the option to buy followers on Facebook). You can also troll [[BitLife: Life Simulator|BitLife]] but doing this gives you a disease. Sometimes you can also get suspended for an “unspecified reason”, which is rare but possible.

When you try to troll someone, the game gives you eight choices. You can troll your siblings/parents/friends/enemies, doing this will lower/get empty relationships with the sibling you trolled, and you can get suspended for doing this.

== Description ==
=== Posting ===
Sometimes, when you post a family Photo, dance video, reshare, sexy pic, thirst trap, selfie, polls, meme, or food photo, random followers can troll you, you can troll him/her back, block him/her, ignore him/her or ask to meet in person.

=== Trolling BitLife ===
In [[BitLife: Life Simulator|BitLife]], the game is nicknamed ''@BitLifeApp'', trolling them will give you a disease like:

* '''Hemorrhoids'''
* '''Bowel Incontinence''': You can also get this disease when you are too old.
* '''Constipation'''
* '''Vaginal Dryness''' (females only): You can also get this disease when you are too old.
* '''Erectile Dysfunction''' (males only): You can also get this disease when you are too old.
[[Category:Careers]]
[[Category:Activities]]
[[Category:Assets]]