'''Bruce Lawrence Suzuski''' (June 10, 1988 - June 1, 2021) was an American pool cleaner, college soccer player, self-proclaimed musician/actor, and murderer. He was sentenced to death in 2013 for the murder of an unidentified drug addict (possibly dealer). He was executed in 2021. 

==Early life and education==
Bruce was born in Las Vegas to grocer Skylar (born 1961) and travel agent Landon (1941 - 2018). He had two younger siblings, sister Julia (born 1991), a General Manger for Mikayla Parmelo Travel Agency, and brother Ramell (born 1998), a hairdresser for Ally Salon Las Vegas. The family also had a cat, Toby. 

Suzuski showed interest in music and acting at a young age. He practiced guitar and piano at the age of six, and voice lessons from age eight. He also pickpocketed and burglarized criminals at age eleven and his teen years. He played soccer in high school and accepted an athletic scholarship at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV), while also majoring in music. However, he was kicked off the college soccer team in his sophomore year due to poor grades. 

After graduating from UNLV in 2010, Suzuki tried to become a singer, but he never got a call back from any record labels. He still continued practicing voices.

==Pool cleaning career==
In 2003, Suzuski started working at Las Vegas Pool as a cleaner. It was possibly the scheduling of his job that caused his college grades to drop, thus causing his removal from the soccer team. He kept working as a pool cleaner until his conviction in 2013. 

==Personal life==
Suzuski married his middle and high school sweetheart, Anita Grande-Herrera, in 2008 during his junior year in college. Their daughter, Layla, was born in 2011. Whenever he found time, Bruce taught Layla music and acting the way he was taught. In 2020, while Suzuski was still in prison, he and Grande-Herreea divorced one year before his execution.

==Murder conviction==
On June 1, 2013, Suzuski's mind entered a dark place. In the morning, he met up with a random drug addict for tea. While the addict wasn't looking, Suzuski poured antifreeze into the addict's tea. The addict died upon drinking it. Several hours later, Suzuski was arrested for the murder. His services for Las Vegas Pool were immediately terminated for the safety of his former employees, supervisors, and pool-goers. 

Suzuski hired Carballo and Campbell to represent him in court. He plead not guilty and stated his belief that the addict posed as a threat to him and his family. Suzuski was found guilty and sentenced to death.

==Execution==
Suzuski was executed by electric chair on June 1, 2021, nine days short of his 33rd birthday. No one attended his funeral. Suzuski is survived by his siblings, mother, daughter Layla, niece Addison Von Stroke (born 2016), daughter of Julia and her husband (Bruce's brother-in-law), William "Willy" Von Stroke (born 1996), and his sister-in-law (Ramell's wife), trucker Maya Kim (born 1998). 

A documentary of Suzuski's life leading up to the murder was made between 2022 and 2023. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Young people]]
[[Category:Criminals]]