'''Sean Roosevelt''' (2630-2699) was an American receptionist, porn star, and movie star.

== Early life (2630-2652) ==
Roosevelt was born in San Francisco, California. He is the 38th of 57 children born to [[Carlton Roosevelt XV]] and the 37th of 56 born to his ex-girlfriend Imani Champion.

In 2648, Roosevelt enrolled at San Francisco State University.

== Front desk career (2652-2656) ==
In 2652, Roosevelt graduated with a Bachelor of Journalism. He became a receptionist for Vitality Consulting.

== First porn career (2656-2668) ==
In 2656, Roosevelt became a porn actor for Divine Entertainment.

In 2665, Roosevelt became famous.

== Acting career (2668-2678) ==
In 2668, Roosevelt played the lead role of Michael Cooper in the film ''The Perks of Flexing Horsepower''.

In 2669, Roosevelt played John Valjohn in ''Les Venerables''.

In 2670, Roosevelt played John Lockwood in ''Hummin’ in the Rain''.

In 2671, Roosevelt played Richard Beardsley in ''Heck or High Water''.

In 2672, Roosevelt played Dewey Ginn in ''School of Country''.

In 2673, Roosevelt played Miles in ''Blah, Blah, Blah!''

In 2676, Roosevelt played Nova-Lord in ''Stewards of the Galaxy''.

In 2677, Roosevelt played Shihiro in ''Ghosted Away''.

In 2678, Roosevelt played Vernon Swift-Romano in ''Overcast with a Chance of Peas''. He retired from acting.

== Second porn career (2679-2696) ==
In 2679, Roosevelt became a porn writer for Divine Entertainment. 

In 2682, Roosevelt was promoted to porn cameraman. 

In 2685, Roosevelt was promoted to porn actor. 

In 2696, Roosevelt retired. 

== Death ==
In 2699, Roosevelt died of old age. His body was donated to science.

== Relationship and children ==
From 2656 to 2661, Roosevelt dated his co-worker, a translator named Nakita Peña-Reyes (2608-2687). They had three children, [[Venus Roosevelt XI]], Mia (2660-2739), and Carlton XVII (2661-2741).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Receptionists]]
[[Category:Actors]]