In Bitlife, you can do [[Crime|delinquent actions]]. When you try to do delinquent actions, the character's journal will say 'I felt immature inclinations'.

Sometimes, a relative with high craziness or a sibling will insist you to engage you as a mischief, with a risk of being reprimanded by a parent, being arrested or addicted to alcohol. When you refused to be a mischief, your relationship bar will lower.

The next delinquent actions includes:

== Disorderly Conduct ==
These are things like pitch invading at games, pulling fire alarms in apartment complexes and releasing pigs into high schools. Such actions may get you 1 year in jail.

== Criminal Mischief ==
These are things like tagging places, writing things like “Sorry about your wall!” or “Tag! You're it!” Others include blowing up mailboxes and vandalizing stop signs.

== Reckless Endangerment ==
These include throwing beer bottles onto oncoming traffic, setting dog feces on fire, or dancing in the middle of a crosswalk. 

== Assault and Larceny ==
These involve slapping people down the street or stealing street signs/bikes.

== Piracy and Illegal Gambling ==
Piracy is illegal film theft. This involves selling pirated copies of a movie/ Illegal gambling involves taking bets while residing in [[Nations]] that do not allow gambling. 

== Twerking ==
These involve crashing a party and twerking on a stranger. Funnily enough, it can get you life in prison!

== All Delinquent Actions ==
+ denotes disorderly conduct.

- denotes criminal mischief

= denotes reckless endangerment

@ denotes others.
{| class="wikitable mw-collapsible mw-collapsed" style="text-align:left;" width="100%"
|-
!
!
!Delinquency
!
!
!
|-
|
|
|
* Blowing up (fruit) using illegal fireworks. -
* Blowing up your neighbor's mailbox using an M-80. -
* Breaking into my neighbor's house while they weren't home to play their new video game system. @
* Collecting all the coins from the local fountain.
* Destroying mailboxes using a (Weapon) -
* Dropping water balloons from an overpass onto cars that passed below. =
* Dumping all of your trash into a neighbor's yard. -
* Egging a local (place)
* Flushing lit firecrackers down the toilet at a local (place) -
* Getting onto the elevator of the tallest building in my city and pressed every single button. +
* Going downtown and keying a magician's car. -
* Going to a local high school volleyball game and yelled insults at the players from the sideline. +
* Going to a nearby skyscraper and spit out the window from the top floor. +
* Hiding inside the clothing racks at a clothing store and scaring shoppers as they walked by. +
* Illegally taking bets on the (competition). @
* Locking locked a (random stranger) into a bathroom at a local (place). =
* Mowing a neighbor's flower garden, killing all of the flowers. -
* Noticing that a neighbor left her keys in her new sports car, so taking it for a joyride. -
* Pouring gallons of food coloring into a public fountain. -
* Pouring laundry detergent into a public fountain. -
* Pulling a fire alarm at the largest apartment complex in town at 3AM. +
* Rearranging the mannequins at a clothing store into a variety of naughty sexual positions. -
* Releasing three pigs, labelled "Pig #1", "Pig #2", and "Pig #4" into the local high school. +
* Riding a (transport) through a local (attraction) wearing a (costume) costume while (doing weird action). +
* Running onto the field and slid into second base at a professional baseball game. +
* Selling a bag of fake marijuana to some college kids. @
* Selling some pirated copies of "(film)" at a local farmers market. @
* Setting a broom on fire and threw it off the roof of a building. =
* Setting up an extremely loud stereo system outside of city hall and blasting a (Music) album. +
* Slapping (stranger) for no reason while walking downtown @
* Shooting out the windows of a decrepit, abandoned building. -
* Slashing a stranger's tires in a busy parking lot. -
* Stealing a street sign late at night when nobody was around. -
* Stealing an unlocked bike I found at a nearby apartment complex. @
* Stopping traffic during rush hour to do a lip-synced performance of a (band) song from the middle of a crosswalk. =
* Stripping off my clothes and streaking across a college campus. +
* Switching a bunch of price tags at a local electronics store. @
* Tagging a local (place), writing "Your mom loves you!/Sorry about your wall!/Tag! You're it!/ You want some tuna?/I hate being bipolar! It's awesome!/ What are you looking at?" -
* Throwing beer bottles onto oncoming traffic. =
* Throwing (food) into the neighbor's yard. =
* Throwing snowballs at people who were getting out of their cars in a local (place) parking lot. =
* Toilet papering your neighbor's house using (number) rolls of TP. -
* Twerking on a (random stranger) while hanging out downtown. @
* Using a permanent marker to draw (Private parts) on street signs. -
* Using a water balloon launcher to shoot water balloons at your neighbor's house =
* Went to a sports bar during the (Sports Event) and used an universal remote control to turn off all of the televisions in a (Great Moment) moment. @
* Writing "Hammer Time" underneath the word "Stop" on every stop sign in town. -
|
|
|
|}

== Consequences ==
Sometimes when you do these actions, there are many popups who can appear :

*'''Argue''': A parent with high religiousness will argue with your character.
*'''Arrested''': Sometimes you can be arrested for your crime, if you are minor, you will be send to Juvenile Center without a trial.
*'''Being addicted to alcohol''': Likely go on party with your friends/best friend, you can suffer from an addiction to alcohol.
[[Category:BitLife]]