'''Mercy Winehouse''' (September 28, 1973 - April 12, 2026) was a British brain surgeon. 

== Early life and education ==
Mercy Winehouse (born Mercy Pickles) was born in Norwich, England to Chloe Oakenfold and Maurice Pickles. Both of her parents were unemployed. Chloe went and married Harvey Pattinson, Mercy’s stepfather. The family had a pet cat named Master. Mercy had one step sister: Elizabeth, and four half siblings: Archie, Daphne, Harriet, and Tilda.

After completing high school in 1991, Pickles went to university to study biology. She graduated with an undergraduate degree in biology. 

Aged 22, she was accepted into medical school, where she became the president of the Cancer Awareness Club. She graduated aged 29.

== Early medical career ==
First, Winehouse was hired as a plastic surgeon for Stallion Hospital, on a £113,359 salary. After 5 years, she became a Phsycaratrist with a £95,559 salary.

== Brain surgery ==
In 2009, Winehouse became a brain surgeon for Norwich General Hospital. She put in 16 years with them.

== Personal life ==
Pickles started dating classmate Thomas Bexley at the age of sixteen. They broke up 8 years later. Aged 31, Pickles hooked up with Christian Barnes. She gave birth to their baby boy, Benedict. Pickles then eloped with Owen Winehouse, after 3 and a half years together. She divorced Owen in 2020.

== Death ==
Winehouse died on 12th April 2026, aged 52, after suffering a massive heart attack. Her funeral was attended by her father, all her siblings, and her son Benedict.

Benedict died aged 32, after being murdered using a bow and  arrow.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Doctors]]
[[Category:Medical]]
[[Category:British People]]