Kendrick Krueger (2730-2824) was an American-French navy officer, politician, astronaut, and actor who served one term as President of the United States.

== Early life (2730-2752) ==
Krueger was born in Jacksonville, Florida. His parents were [[Sammy Krueger]] and his girlfriend Amy Casanova. He went to the University of North Florida and graduated in 2752 with a BS in Biology.

== Military career (2752-2757) ==
In 2752, Krueger joined the United States Navy as an ensign.

In 2754, Krueger was promoted to lieutenant junior grade.

In 2757, Krueger was promoted to lieutenant. He was honorably discharged less than a year later.

== Political career (2757-2781) ==
In 2757, Krueger ran for election to the Jacksonville Independent School District. He beat Vinnie Park and was inaugurated.

In 2759, Krueger ran for reelection and beat DeAndre Valdez.

In 2762, Krueger ran for Mayor of Jacksonville as a Democrat and beat Stephanie Snickles. He was inaugurated in 2763.

In 2766, Krueger ran for reelection and lost to Rita Goff. He then ran for Governor of Florida as a Republican and beat Socialist candidate Max Hooker. He was inaugurated in 2767. Despite being a Republican, he reallocated funds from the Florida Highway Patrol and promised to convert to 100% renewable energy sources. 

In 2770, Krueger announced that he would not run for reelection. He ran for a second term as Mayor of Jacksonville as a Democrat and beat Republican candidate Brock Mendez. He was inaugurated in 2771.

In 2774, Krueger ran for a second term as Governor of Florida as a Republican. He beat Democratic candidate Mason Carballo and was inaugurated in 2775.

In 2776, Krueger ran for President of the United States as a Democrat. He beat Fascist candidate Hareem Martin and was inaugurated in 2777.

In 2780, Krueger announced that he would not run for reelection. He left office as President of the United States in 2781.

== Astronaut career (2781-2800) ==
In 2781, Krueger enrolled at the NASA Academy.

In 2783, Krueger graduated and joined the National Aeronautics and Space Administration as a cadet. He went on his first research mission.

In 2784, Krueger went on his first spacewalk.

In 2791, Krueger was promoted to captain.

In 2793, Krueger was promoted to major and went on his first lunar mission.

In 2795, Krueger went on a lunar mission and became famous as a result.

In 2797, Krueger was promoted to general.

In 2800, NASA forced Krueger to retire due to his age.

== Acting career (2800-2808) ==
In 2800, Krueger began playing Raquel Amaro in the new TV series ''Flaw and Hoarder'', which was cancelled after one season.

In 2801, Krueger began playing Corbin Ramsay in season 5 of ''Yes, Chef''. He became a famous actor and was nominated for a Bitty Award for Best Actor, but left the show after the eighth season.

In 2805, Krueger emigrated to Lyon, France and began playing Jim Fingerwell in season 3 of ''True Shot''. After the show was cancelled in 2808, Krueger retired from acting. 

== Death ==
In 2824, Krueger died of old age. His ashes were scattered at a post office in Lyon

== Relationships and children ==
From 2753 to 2805, Krueger dated a Dutch-American student named Roos Kroes (2735-after 2808), who became a pilot in 2757. They had a daughter, Aisha Krueger (2754-after 2825).

In 2805, Krueger started dating a restaurant worker named Leana Marchand (2785-after 2825). They had a daughter, [[Mathilde Krueger]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:American Presidents]]