'''Clement Louis''' (died at age 70) was a French mobster who was arrested for murdering his girlfriend Juliette Rosseau after she cheated on him.

=== Early Life ===
Clement was born in Perpignan, France to parents Vincent Louis and Lily Guillot, he is of Italian, Portuguese & Filipino descent. He has two twin brothers, Joseph & Esteban and a sister named Suzanne. He had a pretty normal childhood, getting into fights at school every once in a while and eventually he has his first child with Juliette, Alya, when he was 17. 

=== Criminal Life ===
After getting out of school, he worked two part-time jobs and taking care of his other child with Juliette named Josephine. And one day, Juliette confessed to cheating on him with another man, causing him to go into a rage and punch her in the nose and strangle her, killing her. He got caught and was quickly sent to prison with a life sentence, eventually he snuck out of jail while dressed up in a cop uniform. After he escaped he got into the Icardi crime family. He was then caught by the police while punching a midwife then we was quickly sent back to prison. And he escaped a second time using the same method but was caught while committing a crime and was thrown back in.

=== Later Life & Death ===
Eventually he joined the Killbillies gang in prison and over time he gained many conditions like swine flu and hepatitis A. But then at age 69, he contracted Alzheimer's and passed the next year at age 70.
[[Category:French People]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Prisoners]]