'''Penelope Linda Hunter''' (March 18, 1958 - May 17, 2021) was an American actress whose career spanned over four decades. 

==Early life==
Penelope was born on March 18, 1958 in Brooklyn to Elena and Brendon Hunter. Her mother was a real estate agent, while her father was a grocer. Hunter got along very well with her friends, her parents, her four siblings, and the family pets, Bailey, a Havanese, and Herman, a rodent. 

Hunter began learning voices at the age of 8. She joined her high school drama club in her freshman year and became its president in her junior/senior year.

==Career==
In 1976, at age 18, Hunter's career began as a voice actress for Granite Films. She was promoted to Actress in 1982, and then Lead Actress in 1988. She became officially famous in 1991. However, she was still struggling to make money.  

In 1995, she learned of a Southern Link freight train that was being used by criminals to store their robbings. She saw this as an opportunity to not only make more money, but to be a hero. Ultimately, she robbed the train carrying over $30 million. She was awarded with the right/privilege to spend it wisely for her heroism. 

==Personal life==
Hunter began dating her co-worker, [[Luke Casonova|Lucas Casonova]], a dancer, in 1976 at the start of her career. Their first of six children, daughter Shaniqua, was born in 1978. Lucas and Penelope became engaged in 1979 and married in 1981. They spent their honeymoon in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Their sixth and last child, son Hunter, was born in 2006, upon the 30th anniversary of Hunter's career.  

===Health issues===
Hunter was a victim of alcohol addiction three times. They all originated from several parties with her friends. She was able to recover from her first addiction with the help of a luxury rehab. She was unable to recover from her second or third addiction, as Granite Films kept rejecting her requests to attend rehab. 

==Death==
On May 17, 2021, after celebrating 45 years of acting and 40 years of marriage to Lucas, Hunter took a ride on one of her yatchs, "Compass Rose." While heading back, she struck a sea mine and blasted a massive hole in the boat. She called the Coast Guard as quickly as she could, but they didn't respond in time. Hunter died by drowning when trapped in the sinking ship, at the age of 63. Her networth was $82,116,488. Hunter is survived by her husband, her six children, her four siblings, grandson Jeremy Pratt (born 2015), granddaughter Ashleu Chan (born 2021) and adopted niece, Thalia (born 2012).

==Filmography==
TBD

[[Category:Fan Characters|Hunter, Penelope]]
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Penelope Hunter}}
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Actors]]