'''Borysko Kravec''' (August 10, 1922 - March 8, 2022) was a Ukrainian chemical engineer and military officer whose career spanned almost four decades at Legacy Engineering service. He also served in the Ukrainian Ground Forces for twenty-five years. 

==Early life==
Borysko was born in Donetsk, the product of morning sex. He was the second son of Nastunye Panasuk (1883 - 1964) and Burian Kravec (1877 - 1953), the older brother being Bodashka (1902 - 1970). His mother was a trucker, delivering a variety of products, such as furniture and groceries. His father was a real estate agent, and his brother was a fighter pilot who served during World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War. Borysko and his brother got along well, in spite of their 20-year age gap. 

After completing upper secondary school, Kravec originally wanted to enlist in the Army right away to join the fight of the Second World War. He later decided it would be better if he continued learning so he wouldn't be seen as a typical naive soldier. He attended university from 1940 to 1944, majoring in chemical engineering.

==Army career==
In 1944, Kravec applied as an officer to join the Ukrainian Ground Forces during the war. In 1961, a year after reaching the title of Lieutenant Colonel, he accepted a deployment to Cuba. He successfully defused the landmines, earning him a medal. In 1965, he accepted another deployment, this time to a dangerous terrorist-controlled wilderness in Iran. Kravec accidentally detonated a landmine, burning his eyeball, splitting his fist and rupturing his rump. He would later be posthumously awarded another medal for this part of his service. In 1969, a year after achieving the rank of Brigadier General at the age of 46, Kravec retired from the army after serving for 25 years. 

===Dates of rank===
* Second Lieutenant (1944-1945) 
* First Lieutenant (1945-1948) 
* Captain (1948-1954) 
* Major (1954-1960) 
* Lieutenant Colonel (1960-1966) 
* Colonel (1966-1968) 
* Brigadier General (1968-1969)

==Engineering==
After leaving the military, Kravec quickly found new work as an engineer for the company Спадщина Інженерія (Legacy Engineering). 

...

In 2007, after 38 years of hard work, Kravec retired from Legacy at age 85.

==Personal life==
Kravec met Kushaaneh Saleem (1922 - 2019) in 1947. After going out for five years, they married in 1952. They had two children together, a daughter named Damsa (born 1957) and a son named Oleksandr (born 1959). Kravec has a granddaughter, Bohuslava (born 2002), an engineer and the daughter of Oleksandr and his then-wife, massage therapist Ionna Zaretsky (born 1966). Saleem died in 2019 at the age of 97. Damsa is a retired wedding planner and licensed archeologist, having earned the degree in college. Oleksander is a retired bartender and licensed engineer, having gotten the degree at university, hoping to follow in his father's footsteps. Bohuslava, inspired by her grandfather, graduated from university with an engineering degree in 2024 and became an engineer herself.

==Death==
Kravec died peacefully in his sleep on March 8, 2022 at the age of 99. He is survived by his two children and his granddaughter. He had a net worth of ₴137,481,737.21 ($3,344,279). 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Ukrainians]] 
[[Category:Engineers]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Generals]]