''In this Korean name, the surname is Na.''

'''Na Kang Mi II''' (2637-2724) was a South Korean anime singer.

== Early life (2637-2655) ==
Na was born in Gangnam, Seoul. She was the only child of [[Na Pin]] and his girlfriend Sook Seo-yun. She was named for her grandmother, [[Na Kang Mi]]. 

In 2643, Na enrolled at Han Primary School. 

In 2649, Na enrolled at St. Seokjin’s Lower Secondary School. 

In 2652, Na enrolled at Lee Upper Secondary School. 

In 2655, Na graduated from upper secondary school. 

== Career (2655-2700) ==
In 2655, Na signed with Celestial Records as a K-pop singer. She released her debut anime album, ''DoA'', which went gold in 2677.

In 2656, Na released her second album, ''We Never Walk Alone'', which went gold in 2658.

In 2661, Na released her third album, ''Lust Yourself'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2670.

In 2666, Na released her fourth album, ''Feel Spatial'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 2667.

In 2671, Na released her fifth album, ''Candie Dreams'', which went platinum in less than a year and double platinum in 2672.

In 2676, Na released her sixth album, ''The Fantasy Chapter'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2681, Na released her seventh album, ''Map of the Seoul'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2686, Na released her eighth album, ''POP Star'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2687.

In 2691, Na released her ninth album, ''Feel Super'', which went gold in less than a year and platinum in 2692.

In 2696, Na released her 10th album, ''Country Delights'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 2700, Na retired.

== Death ==
In 2724, Na died of old age.

== Relationships and children ==
In 2647, Na started dating a Djiboutian-born student named Momo Dualeh (2637-2719), who became a hairdresser in 2656. They had three children:

# Dualeh Seo-hyeon (2653-2691), policy analyst
# Dualeh Chouchii (2654-2696), nude art model
# [[Na Sip]]
In 2654, Na and Dualeh broke up thrice, then got back together. During their third breakup, Na briefly dated a student named Jo Ch’u (2637-2679).

In 2655, Na and Dualeh were briefly married. After their divorce, they continued dating.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Koreans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]