Rosa Cabrera (3480-October 27, 3593) was a Mexican air force enlistee and bluegrass singer.

== Early life (3480-3498) ==
Cabrera was born in Nogales, Sonora. Her parents were Matias Cabrera and Benesh Kabir.

In 3481, Matias Cabrera married [[Gabriela Morrison]].

Cabrera graduated high school in 3498.

== Military career (3498-3503) ==
In 3498, Cabrera enlisted in the Mexican Air Force as an airman.

In 3502, Cabrera was promoted to airman first class.

In 3503, Cabrera was honorably discharged and enrolled at the University of Sonora. She graduated in 3507 with a BS in Biology.

== Music career (3507-3593) ==
In 3507, Cabrera signed with Condor Entertainment as a country singer. She released her first bluegrass album, ''Floaters in the Commode'', which was certified diamond by the Mexican Association of Producers of Phonograms and Videograms in 3508.

In 3508, Cabrera released her second album, ''Ain’t No Other Trail'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON in 3509.

In 3509, Cabrera released her third album, ''Wild Seraphs'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON in 3510.

In 3510, Cabrera released her fourth album, ''Natty Lights and Unalienable Rights'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON less than a year later and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 3529.

In 3514, Cabrera released her fifth album, ''Porch Swing Strains'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON less than a year later.

In 3517, Cabrera released her sixth album, ''Beat of the Plumber'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON in 3518.

In 3521, Cabrera released her seventh album, ''Hillbilly Hangouts'', which was certified double platinum by RIAA less than a year later.

In 3527, Cabrera released her eighth album, ''Ain’t Ready to Scream Sorry'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 3535, Cabrera released her ninth album, ''Hittin’ the Tailgate'', which went double platinum in less than a year and diamond in 3537.

In 3540, Cabrera released her 10th album, ''Stranger Pastures'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON in 3541.

In 3546, Cabrera released her 11th album, ''Whiskey Problems'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 3551, Cabrera released her 12th album, ''Cottonwood Summers'', which went double platinum in less than a year and diamond in 3554.

In 3554, Cabrera released her 13th album, ''The Man in Me'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 3560, Cabrera released her 14th album, ''The Gentle Man in Me'', which went double platinum in less than a year.

In 3568, Cabrera released her 15th album, ''For Queen and Country'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON less than a year later and was certified platinum by RIAA in 3575.

In 3574, Cabrera released her 16th album, ''Dirt Road Summers'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON less than a year later. 

In 3581, Cabrera released her 17th album, ''Ain’t No Other Cowgirl'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON less than a year later.

In 3588, Cabrera released her 18th and final album, ''Ain’t No Other Cowboy'', which was certified diamond by AMPROFON less than a year later. She scared an old hag to death by dressing up as an angry Karen. 

== Death ==
On October 27, 3593, Cabrera died of complications from a botched Brazilian butt lift.

== Relationships and children ==
From 3501 to 3568, Cabrera was married to a grocer named Alfonso Luna (3483-3581). They had two adopted children, Roberto Cabrera (né Aguilar, 3500-3567, adopted 3501) and Silvia Cabrera (née Guzman, 3499-3587, adopted 3502).

From 3568 to 3581, Cabrera married an enlistee in the Mexican Navy named Antonio Campos (3544-3581). She had a ex-stepdaughter, Cristina Campos (3567-3651) from Campos’s previous relationship with a woman named Luz Jimenez. After Cabrera caught Campos cheating on her, she divorced him. Afterwards, she strangled him to death. However, she later mourned his death.

In 3581, Cabrera married a Croatian-born writer named Tin Kovacevic (3553-3581). She had three stepchildren, Gloria I (3574-3650), Marcos (3578-after 3651), and [[José Antonio Kovacevic]] (b. 3580) from Kovacevic’s previous relationship with a woman named Virginia Marquez.

In 3581, Cabrera started dating a Finnish-born wedding planner named Paavo Hakala (3562-after October 27, 3593).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Mexicans]]
[[Category:Musicians]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]