'''Steven Peter Walsh''' (1923 - 2005) was an American photographer who worked for ''The Sacramento Chronicle'' for over four decades. In addition to his photography, Walsh was also known for being the best friend of D-Day veteran [[John Buckles]]. During the war, Walsh primarily worked in military photography. 

==Early life==
Steve was born in California in 1923. His mother held multiple odd-jobs and owned a business or two to keep the family financially stable. His father, Peter Walsh, was a World War I veteran who served in the military in 1917 at the age of 17 by lying about his age.

==Photography career==
After graduating high school in 1941, Walsh quickly found a job as an apprentice photographer at ''The Sacramento Chronicle''. At the same time, Buckles had enlisted in the United States Army after graduating from high school. Many of Walsh's first pictures were of Buckles in uniform, posing in various locations with military history and background. 

... 

Walsh retired from taking pictures professionally in 1989. His last picture for the ''Chronicle'' is widely believed to be one of the many taken of the falling of the Berlin Wall. Walsh would continue photography as a hobby throughout the rest of his life.

==Personal life and death==
Walsh was married and had several children. He named one of his sons John, in honor of Buckles. He died in 2005 at the age of 82. He is survived by his children and grandchildren. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Photographers]]