''Inspired by/based on the character created by Grant Wisler''. 

'''Edward Robinson''' (May 23, 1978 - January 3, 2024) was an American teacher and master of universal elements, in which he engages in a complex mixture of time traveling and dimension jumping. He is also the star of his own media franchise, mostly notably his own show, ''The Robinson Family'', and his self-titled feature film, all of which are based on his experiences. 

==Early life and education==
Edward Robinson was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. He was a very smart kid, got overly exceptional grades in school and had many friends growing up. His single mother, Angelica (born 1958), is a retired restaurateur. Due to being the baby of an anonymous sperm donation, he never met his biological father (at least not in childhood). Edward had a half-sister named Venus Fox (born 1985), a music composer for Smart Beats, a stepfather named Henry Higgins (bon 1964), a firefighter, and a stepbrother named BJ (1984 - 1998), who died from measles at age 14. 

Robinson graduated from high school as a valedictorian, top of his class, and he was accepted to University of Tennessee, Knoxville on a mathematics scholarship, majoring in education.

==Teaching career==
Upon graduating from UT, earning his bachelors in education, Robinson was hired by Knoxville Public Schools for their teaching position opening in 2000.

===Master of elements===

===Acting===
In addition to his career, Robinson also worked as an actor, playing extras in many films. 

==Personal life==
In his last year of elementary school, at age ten, Robinson's classmate, Aubrey Duffy (born 1978) asked him out. They dated all throughout middle and high school. After graduating high school in the class of 1996, Edward proposed to her with an aquamarine ring at an elegant restaurant where they held his graduation party. Aubrey accepted and they were married shortly after at a drive thru wedding chapel. They went to Cuzco, Peru for their honeymoon. Aubrey also started her career as a firefighter for the Knoxville Fire Department. Edward and Aubrey went on to have four children together: 
* Aretha (born 1995) - Operations Analyst for Binary Automotives 
* Chloe (2001 - 2012) - died at age 11 from being struck by lighting 
* Edward Jr. (born 2004) - College senior 
* Alex (born 2018) - Elementary school student

==Death==
Robinson died of a heart attack on January 4, 2024 at the age of 45.   

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Teachers]]
[[Category:Actors]]