'''Carlton Roosevelt XIII''' (2494-2545) was an American Army enlistee, businessman, baker, crab fisherman, and magician.

== Early life (2494-2502) ==
Roosevelt was born in San Francisco, California. He was the 74th of 102 children born to [[Derek Roosevelt]] and the 31st of 41 born to his second girlfriend Parker Jefferson.

In 2502, Roosevelt graduated from high school.

== Military career (2502-2526) ==
In 2502, Roosevelt joined the US Army as a private.

In 2526, Roosevelt retired.

== Business, baking, and crab fishing careers (2526-2527) ==
In 2526, Roosevelt inherited Ash Shoe Trends, which he sold at a $55 million loss. He was briefly an apprentice baker for Mr. Mercury, after which he became a greenhorn for Cadet Fisheries.

== Magic career (2527-2545) ==
In 2527, Roosevelt became a magician for Rabbit’s Foot World Circus. 

In 2545, Roosevelt was murdered by his daughter. 

== Relationships and children ==
In 2526, Roosevelt seduced five of his co-workers: a fisherman named Marcus Rossi (2465-after 2528), a fisherman named Al Lukes (2478-after 2528), a baker named Heather Collins (2482-after 2528), a fisherman named Louis Stoner (2496-after 2528), and a baker named Jake Rios (2505-after 2528).

From 2526 to 2528, Roosevelt dated a mailwoman named Charlotte Thompson (2488-after 2572). They had two daughters, [[Venus Roosevelt VIII]] and Erica (2528-after 2572).
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Businesspeople]]
[[Category:Bakers]]
[[Category:Magicians]]