''Named after Brittany Griner''. 

'''Ophelia Piner''' (October 22, 2022 - December 2, 2121) was an American professional basketball player in the WNBA. 

==Early life and education==
Piner was born in Houston, Texas to Diana (1987 - 2061) and Cooper Piner (1988 - 2073). Her mother was a school administrator and her father was a marine biologist. She had an older brother, Steven (2009 - 2085), a grocer for Henderson Foods, and a Cavalier King Charles spaniel named Lanika (d. 2035).

==Basketball career== 

==Post-basketball== 

==Personal life==
Piner met her future husband, James Hardick (2022 - 2100), in between her 6th and 7th seasons in 2046. They wed a year later and were married for more than five decades until his death in 2100. They had five children and five grandchildren: 
* Ginger (2047 - 2101) - Financial analyst for Arrow Foods 
* Jason (born 2050) - Nude art model for Houston Public Schools 
** Rachel (born 2091) - Dental Hygenist for Pluto Dental Care 
* Elizabeth (born 2052) - Archeologist 
** Nicole Taylor (born 2081) - Receotionist for Shamrock Semiconductor 
** Mike Taylor (born 2084) - Policy analyst 
* Johnny (2054 - 2076) - Archeology student; killed in house fire 
* [[Breanna Piner|Breanna]] (born 2056) - Lawyer for Gooch & Associates 
** Anita Nelson (born 2083) - Wedding Planner for Mr. Family 
** Julian Nelson (born 2084) - Porn writer for Pluto Erotica

==Trivia/footnotes== 
* Ophelia's timeline takes place in the future (with her birth year taking place in 2022 when I played her), because it would make more sense historically than if it took place in the mid-20th century when the WNBA (or entire NBA for that matter) didn't exist until the later mid-20th century, if that makes sense. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]