'''Mio Hashimoto''' (February 21, 1954 - September 12, 2022) was Princess of Nishimura-turned Empress of Japan and a serial killer who killed eighteen people. Four of her victims included much of her family, including her parents, brother, and husband all four of whom she killed in 1984 in a scheme to take over the throne. After abdicating in 2017, she joined the Irish mob and would continue her reign of terror as a mobster in the last few years of her life. 

==Early life and reign==
Mio was born in Nagoya, Japan as Princess of Nishimura. She was the second child of Emperor Taiseu Hashimoto (1928 - 1984) and Empress Consort Ryuko Hashimoto (1929 - 1984). Her older brother, Prince Masahiro (1951 - 1984) was heir to the throne. The family also had a pet vizsla named 公Kōshaku (爵; Duke; d. 1966). Although the original Empire of Japan had been abolished after World War II, new monarchs, including the one Mio was a part of, were formed in secret to contain power within the country. During the war, Taiseu was a young member of the Imperial Japanese Armed Forces who survived the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

==Murders==

==Irish mob==
Following her abdication, Hashimoto waited tables at the restaurant of the Walsh crime family for five months. She was thus accepted as an associate.

==Personal life==
Hashimoto had seven romances. She had her first intimate encounter with a man named Riku Kiryu in 1972, shortly after her 18th birthday. She became pregnant with his child, but decided not to keep it, since she wasn't ready for motherhood yet. In 1979, she met an elderly retired librarian named Saitama Noguchi. After a short while of dating, Hashimoto proposed to him, and he accepted. They were married that year and lived a through a good marriage for a year until Noguchi's death in 1980. Mio inherited some of his fortune and possessions. Later that year, she married a retired brain surgeon named Yamato Sawamura. This relationship lasted for three years until their divorce in 1983, when she met her next lover (and later execution victim), Yuuki Ishikawa, a retired banker. Hashimoto and Ishikawa married in 1984, shortly after the birth of their daughter, Kokona, who died in 2002 at the hands of her own mother. 

Nine years after her family killings, Hashimoto began dating retired restaurant worker Yuma Matsuo in 1993. They married that same year, and Mio became the stepmother of Yuma's daughter, Rino Toriyama. In 1994, she engaged in an affair with her best friend Tyana and her boyfriend, Aoto, the latter of whom she attempted to murder, but failed, so she killed Rino instead. After executing Yuma in 1995, she inherited his fortunes. In 1998, Hashimoto married author Masahisa Fukuda, with whom she had a son named Haruki (born 1999). She also became the stepmother of Fukuda's son, Sasuke (born c. early 1980s), whom she had taxidermized and put on display at her home palace after having him killed in 1999. Masahisa died from natural causes in 2007. After Fukuda's death, Hashimoto never fell in love again.

==Death==
Hashimoto died from natural cuases on Septembr 12, 2022. Her son, Haruki, was the sole attendee of her funeral. She had a net worth of ¥17,009,281,114.21 ($107,821,552 USD). 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Japanese People]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Serial killers]]
[[Category:Mobsters/Gangsters]]