'''Otello Werner IV''' (4818-after 4885) was an American-German mailman and convicted murderer.

== Early life (4818-4836) ==
Werner was born in Buffalo, New York. He was the second of 15 children born to [[Jasmin Werner XV]] and the second of five born to her first boyfriend Eda Cermak. 

In 4833, Werner emigrated to Dortmund, Germany. He enrolled at Schneider Secondary School.

In 4835, Werner murdered his mother with a set of plastic vampire teeth.

== First career (4836-4844) ==
In 4836, Werner became a mail carrier for Deutsche Post.

In 4839, Werner was promoted to senior mail carrier.

In 4843, Werner went on the Mediterranean diet.

== Prison sentence (4844-4867) ==
In 4844, Werner was arrested for murder. He attempted to bribe the arresting officer, but failed. He was charged with murder and bribery, but plead not guilty. He was convicted and sentenced to 39 years in prison. He appealed to the Constitutional Court of North Rhine-Westphalia, and his sentence was reduced to 33 years.

In 4867, Werner was released on parole.

== Second career (4868-4884) ==
In 4868, Werner became a junior mail carrier for Deutsche Post.

In 4871, Werner was promoted to mail carrier.

In 4874, Werner was promoted to senior mail carrier.

In 4884, Werner resigned.

Werner was alive in 4885, but his death date is unknown.

== Relationships and children ==
From 4833 to 4835, Werner started dating a student named Franziska Konig (4818-4868). They had a son, [[Eberhard Werner XXV]].

In 4836, Werner had one night stands with a mailwoman named Lisa Kuhn (4818-after 4867), an Army officer named Mara Jung (4814-after 4867), a Turkish-German Air Force enlistee named Beren Karakus (4814-after 4867), a mailwoman named Annabell Klose (4818-4841), and an Army enlistee named Thea Schmidt (4817-after 4867). He had a daughter named Tiana Werner (4837-after 4885) with Kuhn, a son named Walter Werner (4837-after 4885) with Jung, a daughter named Sofia Karakus (4837-after 4885) with Karakus, a son named Franz Klose (4837-after 4885) with Klose, and a son named Rudolf Schmidt (4837-after 4885) with Schmidt.

In 4837, Werner had one night stands with Kuhn, Klose, and Schmidt.
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Criminals]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Mail Carriers]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]