'''Diego Mason Rivero''' (November 18th 1904 - November 19th 2024) was a Uruguayan lawyer from 1930 to 1960, School Board Director for Salto, Uruguay from 1980 to 1990, famous entrepreneur and socialite known for owning and operating Elation Location Casino, Furrypalooza Memorial Zoo, as well as becoming a famous actor receiving multiple bitty awards in his lifetime. He was known for a being a very happy and enthusiastic man and could be considered by many as "The luckiest man alive"

== Early life (1904-1923) ==
Diego Mason Rivero was born on Friday, November 18th 1904 in Salto Uruguay to Gabriela Rivero, a photographer and an unknown father. He was conceived in the self-help section of Salto's public library. In 1905 when he was 1 year old, his mother married Jamiro Martinez, a 45-year old mailman who gave Diego a stepsister named Violeta. In 1907 when he was 3 years old, Diego became friends with Magela Benitez. Their friendship lasted 7 years before Diego unfriended her in 1914 for always encouraging him to do mischievous activities. In 1909 when he was 5 years old, Diego's mother and his stepfather got divorced because of Jamiro always picking on Diego and giving him a hard time at such a young age. That same year, Diego also began elementary school at St. Rodolfo's Primary School. He was a hardworking student with straight A's all throughout his childhood education. In 1912 when he was 8 years old, Diego became friends with Camilo Ramirez and later came down with chicken pox that same year but recovered fast. In 1915 when he was 11 years old, Diego came down with the flu but like usual, he recovered fast. In 1917 when he was 13 years old, he began middle school at Romero Middle School where he joined the student council later becoming Treasurer by his 3rd year. In 1918, Diego and Camilo became best friends. In 1920 when he was 16 years old, he began high school at St. Estefani's Secondary School. He tried to join the MMA club but was rejected which later led to him taking Jiu-Jitsu lessons, earning his black belt by the age of 18. Diego made a small income off tutoring in his high school years and eventually got a job as a lifeguard for Salto Aquatic Center, working there for 2 years. In 1922 when he was 18 years old, Diego became friends with Manuel Benitez and later attained his drivers license. Diego graduated from high school in 1923 at the age of 19 years old.

== College years (1923-1930) ==
Diego applied to the University of Salto to study in finance in 1923 and was accepted and enrolled for free thanks to Uruguay's public education system. His college years were relatively boring with which he spent most of his time studying and making small amounts of money off tutoring other students. In 1925 at the age of 21 years old, Diego bought his first vehicle with his money he had saved up from his job as a lifeguard and tutoring, a 1911 Ford Model-T pickup truck for $3,000. Diego graduated from the University of Salto in 1927 with an undergraduate degree in finance and immediately applied to law school in which he began later that year. Diego graduated from law school in 1930 at the age of 26 years old after studying hard for many years.

== Marriage of Diego & Estefani Fernandez (1917-1940) ==
Diego met his first girlfriend and future wife, Estefani Fernandez in 1917 when they were both 13 years old. They kept a close bond and relationship throughout the years and graduated high school together. Estefani went on to become a trucker while Diego went through with becoming a lawyer. Estefani proposed to Diego in 1926 at a local pub and they later got married at a local church. Although, they did not have enough mutual funds to go on a honeymoon. They both signed a prenuptial agreement and combined their funds with Estefani bringing over $16,000 into the newborn family. In 1930, Estefani gave birth to their first son, Gerardo Rivero, the same year that Diego graduated from law school. In 1931, Diego had to scrap his 1911 Ford Model-T with which he replaced with a brand new 1931 Lancia Astura for $37,000. In 1932, Diego and Estefani bought their first home together, a cottage at 3828 Ramos River Avenue in Salto, Uruguay for $65,000 which took $35,000 in renovations to make perfect as well as $2,000 for a hot tub and $4,000 for a game room leading it to be a $106,000 project in all. In 1933, Diego attended the funeral of his beloved friend, Manuel who died at the age of 29 after an explosion while smoking at a gas station. In 1936 when he was 32 years old, Diego's ex-stepsister, whom he remained close with, gave birth to her first daughter, Fernanda making Diego an uncle for the first time. Also in 1936, Diego and Estefani bought their second property together, a modern home at 6346 Azure Drive in Salto, Uruguay for $168,000. That same year, they decided to rent out their cottage to a women named Anahi Lopez for $5,000 per year. In 1937, Diego became friends with Emanuel Romero. In 1938, Diego and Estefani bought their first family pet, a spaniel named Fancy for $770. In 1939, Diego bought a brand new 1939 Nissan passenger car for $45,000 which later led to him selling his Lancia Astura for $15,000. In 1940, Estefani gave birth to their first daughter, Violeta Rivero. Later that year, Diego came home to find Estefani cheating on him. They divorced soon after, leaving Diego in significant debt and diagnosed depression but with his outstanding career he was very quickly able to work his way up again.

== Lawyer career (1930-1960) ==
Diego applied to Silvera & Associates for their Junior Associate opening in 1930 and was hired on the spot with a starting salary of $55,000 per year. Diego was a hardworking lawyer, often known for doing whatever he possibly can to help out his clients. He was also very cooperative with his boss and co-workers, often being up for the shot when he was requested for more or less hours even if it led to health issues. In 1932, Diego was treated for migraines due to the hard work associated with his career. In 1943, Diego was diagnosed with high blood pressure caused by the significant amount of hours he had been putting in but he stuck through it and gained treatment, recovering by his 40th birthday. In 1958, Diego was again diagnosed with high blood pressure due to the excessive amount of hours he had with his career. This later led to his retirement in 1960 at the age of 56 years old. As soon as he retired, his high blood pressure completely disappeared.

He was given a raise/promotion in the following years:

- 1932: Raise of $58,000 per year.

- 1934: Promoted to Associate as well as a raise of $76,000 per year.

- 1936: Raise of $79,000 per year.

- 1938: Promoted to Junior Partner as well as a raise of $98,000 per year.

- 1941: Raise of $103,000 per year.

- 1942: Promoted to Partner as well as a raise of $119,000 per year.

- 1946: Raise of $126,000 per year.

- 1949: Raise of $131,000 per year.

- 1952: Raise of $136,000 per year.

- 1955: Raise of $142,000 per year.

- 1958: Raise of $147,000 per year.

Diego retired from his job as a Partner for Silvera & Associates in 1960 with a pension of $73,500 per year.

== Relationship of Diego & Alejandra Ferreira (1945-1948) ==
Diego met Alejandra Ferreira, a 25-year old real estate agent in 1945 when he was 41 years old and they later began dating. She was not the best significant other and at one point about 2 years into their relationship stole $1,000 from Diego without telling him. In 1947, Diego became friends with Omar Torres. That same year, his pet spaniel, Fancy died at the age of 11 from old age. Diego's 79-year old mother did not approve of Alejandra which later led to the end of their relationship with Diego breaking up with her in 1948.

== Middle-aged years (1948-1951) ==
In 1949 when he was 45 years old, Diego's tenant, Anahi Lopez decided to move out of the cottage after 13 years because she could no longer pay the rent. Anahi left the cottage uninhabitable and completely wrecked which led to Diego to sue her. He ended up losing the case, costing him $120,000 in legal fees. After the case, he renovated the cottage, sinking $90,000 into it and making it look brand new and ready for another tenant but unfortunately he couldn't find anyone worthy. In 1949, Diego's son, Gerardo graduated high school and began college at University of Salto, studying in psychology which led to him moving out the next year. In 1950, Diego came down with the common cold but he recovered fast. That same year, a new tenant named Chuminga Costa moved into Diego's cottage for $9,600 per year.

== Relationship of Diego & Gabriela Pereyra (1951-1961) ==
Diego met Gabriela Pereyra, a 50-year old grocer in 1951 when he was 47 years old and they later began dating. In 1953 when he was 49 years old, Diego attended the funeral of his mother who died at the age of 84 of natural causes which left Diego a $346,000 inheritance. That same year, Diego became friends with Gonzalo Hernandez. In 1954, Diego's son, Gerardo graduated from college with an undergraduate degree in psychology and began graduate school later that year, graduating in 1956 and beginning a job as Assistant Principal for Salto Public Schools. In 1955 when he was 51 years old, Diego attended the high school graduation of his niece, Fernanda. She began college at University of Salto later that year studying in history. In 1956, Diego became friends with Federico Torres. In 1957 when he was 53 years old, Diego decided to try and sell his 1939 Nissan Passenger car as it was getting very old but no one was interested so he ended up scrapping it. Later that year, he bought a brand new 1957 GMC 100 Stepside for $60,000. Also that same year, he decided to take flying lessons in order to get his pilot's license. As soon as he got it, he bought a Robinson R22 helicopter for $236,600 and took it on a flight. In 1958 when he was 54 years old, Gabriela proposed to Diego at the library and they became engaged. In 1959 when he was 55 years old, Diego attended the high school graduation of his daughter, Violeta. She began a new job as a grocer for Ramirez Supermarket later that year which led her to move out. That same year, Diego's tenant, Chuminga Costa decided to move out of the cottage after 5 years because he wanted to move to a different city. In 1960 when he was 56 years old, Diego's son, Gerardo fathered a baby girl named Josefina Rivero making Diego a grandfather for the first time. That same year, Diego's niece, Fernanda graduated from college with an undergraduate degree in history and began graduate school later that year, graduating in 1962 and beginning a job as a Jr. Marine Biologist for The Suarez Group. Diego was also again diagnosed with migraines that same year but recovered fast. In 1961, Diego became friends with Luis Mendez. That same year, Gabriela demanded to Diego that they plan their wedding and get married after 3 years of waiting but she tried to get him to sign a prenuptial agreement. With this event and realizing who Gabriela truly was, Diego decided to call off their engagement and end their relationship.

== Early retirement years (1961-1966) ==
In 1963 when he was 59 years old, Diego attended the wedding of his 27-year old niece, Fernanda and Yamilia Romero, a 19-year old high school graduate. The next year on Diego's 60th birthday in 1964, his son, Gerardo fathered a baby boy named Domingo Rivero, giving Diego a second grandchild. That same year, Diego came down with ringworm but was treated and recovered fast. In 1965, Diego decided to try for his boating test. He passed first try and bought a $275,600 performance catamaran and named it "Loch Ness". After realizing he was no longer interested in renting it out, Diego decided to sell his cottage that same year. He renovated it for $115,000 and sold it for $172,000 after owning it for 33 years. In 1966, Diego decided to spice up his life a little bit and went out on a date with a famous supermodel named Agnes Dime but she ended up rejecting him later on.

== Marriage of Diego & Heidi Boom (1966-2024) ==
Back in 1966 when he was 62 years old, Diego went on a date with famous elite model, 18-year old Heidi Boom and they later began dating. In 1967, Diego had a near-death experience in his Robinson R22 helicopter after being blinded by laser beams while he was flying but he was able to remain calm and land the helicopter safely. In 1968, Diego attended the funeral of his dear friend, Emanuel who died at the age of 65 of natural causes. That same year, one year after his near-death experience, Diego decided to sell his Robinson R22 Helicopter as it was getting older for $98,500 and bought a brand new one for $244,000. In 1969 at the age of 65 years old, Diego was diagnosed with migraines for a third time but was treated and recovered fast. In 1970, Diego attended the funeral of his childhood best friend, Camilo who died at the age of 66 after suffering from a stroke. That same year, Diego became unusually closer with his friend, Federico. That same year, after 2 years of owning it, Diego decided to sell his Robinson R22 Helicopter so he could have a higher set of funds but he ended up getting a low bargain and sold it for $202,500. In 1971 at the age of 67 years old, Diego officially became a famous socialite due to his marriage to Heidi Boom. Officially becoming Famous Birthdays approved as the spouse of Heidi Boom. With that, he appeared in his first ever local television commercial for Posh Incorporated and received $8,600 for appearing. He also paid Suarez Press $32,200 that same year to publish his book "The Diary of Diego Rivero" It became a bestseller and grossed $208,000 in sales. In 1972, Heidi proposed to Diego at a golf tournament. He accepted and married her at a banquet hall later that year going to the British Virgin Islands for their honeymoon. They both signed a prenuptial agreement and combined their funds with Heidi bringing over $10 Million into the newborn family. That same year, Diego decided to sell his 1957 GMC 100 Stepside for $4,300 as it was in terrible condition and bought a brand new 1972 Lamborghini Miura P400 SV for $214,000. Diego and Heidi also tried to list their modern home at 6346 Azure Drive that same year but found no buyers. In 1973, Diego and Heidi adopted their first pets together, an Australian shepherd named Toto for $75, a bulldog named Alma for $105 and an exotic pet Bengal tiger named Terry for $12,000 which Heidi was not happy about. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Lawyers]]
[[Category:Uruguayans]]