{{Character_Informations|title1=Elias Lopez|caption-image1=Elias a few days before he passed.|full_name=Elias Lopez, Count of Marti and Prince of Monaco|birth=February 20th,|gender=Male|death=February 17th, 2025|residence(s)=Walter Castle (Royal Castle)|affiliations=House of Lopez
Martinez Family
Monacan Royal Family
Principality of Monaco|family=Gabriel Lopez (Father)
Julia Martinez (Mother)|job(s)=Count of Marti (-)
Prince of Monaco (-)|friends=|enemies=Mario Lambert}}

'''Elias Lopez''' (-2025) was the Prince of Monaco from -, succeeding his father, Gabriel. He was known for

== Early Life ==

=== Birth ===
Elias was born to Gabriel Lopez, the Prince of Monaco (-), and Julia Martinez, the Princess Consort of Monaco (-), on the 20th of February,. They had  a family dog named Pinscher (-). Elias was the product of some very serious royal love. Shortly after Elias started walking for the first time, he was exploring the attic and discovered a camping tent, something that would stick with him for life. 

=== Infancy ===
Nothing too eventful happened in Elias’ early infant years, with the only major thing happening being his mother, Julia, being diagnosed with bowel polyps. At 3 years old, Elias made friends with a boy named Mario Lambert (-). One day, at 4, Elias was forced by his parents to attend a politician’s funeral, where Dave Chapelle, who was just kind of..there, at the funeral, randomly invited Elias to play hopscotch. Elias was very weirded out at this random man asking him to play hopscotch, and declined.

=== School Life ===
When Elias was 6, he started Primary School in Lukas Durand Primary School, a private school. Around the same time, his mother, Julia, was cured of bowel polyps. Nothing much happened in his years of Primary School. When he was 11, he started middle school at Francois Middle School. However, around this time, Mario grew to hate Elias and the two became enemies.
[[Category:Fan Characters]]