{{Infobox character|aliases=Captain Chin|relatives=Parents:
*Selma Chin (Mother)
(1933-2015)

Siblings:
*Irene Figaroa (Half-sister)
(1966-2050)
*Bianca Callahan (Half-sister)
(1969-2049)|affiliation=*ESA Astronaut
*App Tester
*Mayor of Namur
*Professor|birthDate=May 20, 1960|birthPlace=Noord, Aruba|deathDate=2050|deathPlace=Namur, Belgium|gender=Male|image=Luigi Chin.png|name=Luigi Chin}}'''{{PAGENAME}}''' (1960 - 2050) was an Aruban mayor and astronaut.
==Early life <small>(1960-1982)</small>==
===Birth and family background <small>(1960-1966)</small>===
Luigi Chin was born on May 20, 1960 in Noord, Aruba to Selma Chin (1933-2015). His mother was a reporter.
===Childhood <small>(1966-1973)</small>===
Growing up, Chins mom gave birth to Irene when he was only 6, when he was 7, Selma married Samuel, when he was 9, Selma and Samuel gave birth to Bianca., when he was 11, his mutt, Dot died from old age.
===Adult years <small>(1978-1980)</small>===
As an adult, Chin got a degree in computer science and information systems.
===German years <small>(1980-1982)</small>===
At 21, he emigrated to Dresden, Germany and trained at the space academy and graduated from it in 1983.
==Careers (1983-2050)==
===Astronaut (1983-2030)===
In 1983 he applied for the ESA, they accepted and made him captain. In 1983, he designed a probe called Aruba, in 1988, he designed a probe called the Noord-Dresden and Aruba stopped working, in 1991, the Noord-Dresden stopped working and the Germania was designed but exploded, in 1992, he designed a probe called Germania II, in 1995, Germania II discovered the Egypt galaxy and also stopped working, in 2001 he won the Nobel physics prize. the next 3 probes found nothing, the 5th one exploded, nothing was discovered by the probes until 2010, when Germania VI discovered an asteroid that he named Dresden, in 2016 he was fired due to Germania VIII exploding, he reapplied the same year they accepted and made him captain again. in 2029, Germania XI discovered an asteroid that he named Seaborg, he was forced to retire the next year.
===App Tester <small>(2035-2036)</small>===
In 2035 he became an app tester, but he resigned after 1 year.
===Mayor of Namur <small>(2036-2046)</small>===
In 2036 he became mayor of Namur, Belgium in 2041, he won the reelection for mayor, in 2046, he decided to not run for reelection.
===Professor <small>(2047-2050)</small>===
In 2047 he became a professor, he died only 3 years after from a heart attack.
==Personal life==
In 1999 he started dating Thea Walter and had a child in 2013. They also had 10 other children.

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Arubans]]
[[Category:Germans]]
[[Category:Belgians]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]
[[Category:Politicians]]