{{Infobox BitLifeApp
|title1= Money
|image1=
|launched_on_ios:=September 2018 (default)
|launched_on_android:=February 2019 (default)
}}'''Money''' is the currency in [[BitLife]]. What symbol is used depends on which country your character is in (currently). Your character also has [[Assets]], a bank balance, and a net worth. Money is a [[Stats|stat level]] that parents and lovers have and the higher the bar, the richer they are. When they marry someone, the spouse's net worth is shown to them. Money can be negative when your character is in debt. Money may be gambled at the [[Casino]] or [[Horse Races]]. Depending on inflation, some countries will have lower prices for buying, but lower salaries for jobs, making it harder to achieve the ''Rich'' or ''Loaded'' ribbons and harder to achieve any [[Achievements]] associated with high bank balance. Thanks to the Royal, Sports and Popstar [[updates]], it is much easier to earn more money and become a millionaire due to the increased likelihood of being famous.


== Tips ==
*[[Monaco]] has no income tax, and there is no estate tax, making it one of the most financially stable countries in BitLife. Monaco also has expensive properties which is useful now with the Landlord Update (If you have it). Scandinavian countries have a high estate tax as do many European countries. However college tuition is free in most of these places, unless seeking higher education. As of October 2019, countries with free healthcare will not charge for doctor consultations and treatments, whereas countries without free healthcare will still charge. Also, keep in mind that due to an update that keeps in mind currency and inflation, Saudi Arabia is not an ideal tax-shelter. Monaco is far better if you want a good tax-shelter, as the pay is significantly better there, even keeping in mind the higher cost of living.
*Characters may update their [[Will/Testament]] to let children and spouses have all or none of their inheritance. When parents or spouses die, they will leave inheritance and parents may give your inheritance in uneven amounts if you have siblings. 
**If you want to only want your money to go to your kids without your spouse getting any of it, consider having them before marriage, and then update the will before you get married. This also works if you want to have multiple children, but only want to leave it to the eldest. Have the kid before marriage, and as soon as they are born, write the will with them as the inheritor. When you marry/have more kids your spouse/other kids won't get upset (no relationship drop) unless you update the will and exclude them.
[[Category:Under construction]]
[[Category:BitLife]]
[[Category:Gameplay]]