Jennifer Mitu (3110-after 3191) was a British soccer player and actor.

== Early life (3110-3128) ==
Mitu was born in Cardiff, Wales. Her parents were [[Isabelle Crook]] and her ex-boyfriend Debesh Mitu.

Mitu went to Balcombe Secondary School and was on the soccer team. She graduated in 3128.

== Sports career (3128-3156) ==
In 3128, Mitu emigrated to Orlando, Florida and joined Orlando FC as a goalkeeper.

In 3131, Mitu was traded to Portland FC. She won 10 championships, five Golden Gloves, and three Most Improved Player awards while on the team.

In 3146, Mitu was traded to Chicago FC.

In 3148, Mitu was released by Chicago. She emigrated back to Cardiff and joined Brighton.

In 3154, Mitu was released by Brighton. She emigrated back to Orlando and joined Utah FC.

In 3156, Mitu was released by Utah. She emigrated back to Cardiff and enrolled at Cardiff University. She graduated in 3160 with a BS in Chemistry.

== Astronautic career (3160-3162) ==
In 3160, Mitu enrolled at the National Space Academy in Leicester, England. She graduated in 3162, but never worked for the UK Space Agency.

== Acting career (3162-3172) ==
In 3162, Mitu began playing Mavis Legend on season 3 of the TV show ''Flawed Squad'', which was cancelled after the season.

In 3163, Mitu began playing Brody Martin on season 8 of ''The Suite Life of Jack and Brody'', which was cancelled after season 9.

In 3165, Mitu began playing Kiera Silverstein on season 10 of ''Meet Me at the Florist'', which was cancelled after the season.

In 3166, Mitu began playing Holly Russo on ''Criminal Detective''. She was nominated for a Bitty Award for Best Supporting Actress before the show was cancelled after three seasons.

In 3169, Mitu began playing Emily Kelly in season 3 of ''Come to Grips'', which was cancelled after the season.

In 3170, Mitu began playing Trinity Peckerman in ''Shook''. She quit after season 2.

Mitu was alive in 3191, but her death date is unknown.

== Relationship and children ==
From 3120 to 3149, Mitu dated a student named Arlo Walker, Sr. (3110-after 3172), who became a jeweler in 3128. They have two sons: Harrison (b. 3127), a flight attendant; and Arlo Jr. (b. 3149), a fireman.

Mitu has an adopted son, [[Zachary Mitu]].
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:British People]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Actors]]