{{infobox character
 | name         = Avery Gordon
 | image        = Avery.jpg
 | imagecaption = Avery in 2005
 | aliases      = 
 | relatives .  =
 | affiliation  =
 | marital      =
 | birthDate    = March 7, 1985
 | birthPlace   = Hobart, Australia
 | deathDate    = August 23, 2062 (aged 64)
 | deathPlace   = Hobart, Australia
 | species      = 
 | gender       = Female
 | height       =
 | weight       =
 | eyes         = Blue
|relatives=Samantha Gordon, née Lefebvre (Mother) <br> Cooper Gordon (Father) <br> Zachary Gordon (Adoptive Brother) <br> Henry Wilson (Husband)<br>Hayden Wilson (Daughter) <br> Eric Wilson (Son)}}Avery Gordon was an Australian actress (March 7, 1985 - August 3, 2049). She was born after her mother prayed to the Bitlife Gods. 

== Early Life, Childhood, and Adolescence ==
Avery was born to Samantha Gordon (an Architect), and Cooper Gordon (a Stockbroker) in Hobart, Australia. She has an older adoptive brother named Zachary Gordon.  Avery is of 1/4 Korean descent, and 3/4 German and English descent. Her mother is originally from Ottawa, Canada while her father is from Hobart, Australia. 

At age 5 (1990), she started school at St. Ashton's Primary School (a public school in Hobart, Australia).  When she was 6 (1991), her mother noticed her gift for music and convinced her to start Violin lessons starting at age 6. Avery asked her mother to pay for her acting lessons starting at age 8 (1993) (which her mother agreed to do). According to Avery, "I vividly remember being 7 years old and watching Anna Goddard (actress) on Sutton Street explaining what an actress does. The day I saw that episode, I became convinced that my destiny was to become an actress." Her primary school teachers remember her as a well-behaved child with average grades.

At Age 13 (1998), after graduating from elementary school, she started going to St. Zachary's Secondary School (a public secondary school in Hobart, Australia). She decided to stop Violin lessons at age 13. In a 2007 interview, she said that she simply did not see the point in continuing lessons at that point. She states, "I had no intention of becoming a musician, so I decided to give it (Violin lessons) up to focus on acting." She continued to get acting lessons (sometimes one on one, sometimes in a group setting) throughout her secondary school years. She became the Drama club president at age 16. She was considered a popular student who did well (though not extraordinarily well) in school. She was noted for her great marks in English and Science classes.

== Personal Life ==
At age 20, she began dating Henry Wilson. In 2009 (24), she married Henry Wilson. She remained married to Henry until her death. In 2011 (26), she gave birth to a daughter named Hayden Wilson. In 2018 (33), she gave birth to a son named Eric Wilson. She was a university student studying English literature from ages 56-60 (2041-2045). In 2045, she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree with Honors.  At age 57 (2042), she became a grandmother to Jules Clarendon (daughter of Hayden Wilson). 

== Acting Career ==
At age 18 (2003), she decided to focus on her acting career instead of going to university. She decided to start working as an Extra to earn extra cash. After being an extra that had the role of "ice cream scooper" in 'My Dog's a Sacredy-Cat', Hobart Productions discovered her and asked her if she wanted to play the role of Tootie in 'Tootie and the Beast'. She accepted the offer. Unfortunately, 'Tootie and the Beast' was a critical and box office disappointment. Not one to give up, she auditioned for the role of Lynn Ortiz from 'The Depths of Despair' in 2004. The Depths of Despair, to Avery's surprise, became a critically acclaimed best-selling movie. In 2005, she was nominated for Silver Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Lynn Ortiz from 'The Depths of Despair'. Though she did not win the award, she felt that it was a massive honor to even be nominated. This nomination would inspire her to keep acting.

In 2006, she hired Sarah Moore to be her agent. She also started acting in her first television series as "M.A. Tanner" in the sitcom 'Adequate Living Space' (2007 - 2011). Adequate Living Space was a successful sitcom that made her well-known to the Australian general public. It was also the role that helped her earn her first Bitty Award (Bitty Award for Best Supporting Actress). She was well-known in the Australian acting industry at this point for both her professionalism and willingness to do her own stunts.  

In 2011 (age 28), she moved to France with her husband and daughter with the intent of role offers she got from French directors. Her first ever role in France was Emma Gray in the English-Language TV Show 'High Noon' (2015 - 2018). She returned to Australia in 2018.  

Due to being a university student studying English literature from ages 56-60 (2041-2045), she took a 4 year break from acting. Her last role before death was Jane Dickens-Young from the crime show Cops and Robbers (2047 -2049).   

== Award Wins ==
Age 26 (2011) - Bitty Award for Best Supporting Actress - Adequate Living Space - M.A. Tanner

Age 28 (2013) - Bitty Award for Best Supporting Actress - Adequate Living Space - M.A. Tanner

Age 41 (2026) - Bitacademy Award for Best Actress - Bedknobs and Boomsticks -  Evlyntine Price

Age 49 (2034) - Bitty Award for Best Actress - Glee Club - Samantha Sylvester

== Other Nominations ==
Age 20 (2005) - Silver Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress - The Depths of Despair - Lynn Ortiz

Age 23 (2008) - Bitty Award for Best Supporting Actress - Adequate Living Space - M.A. Tanner

Age 35 (2020) - Bitty Award for Best Supporting Actress - Claw and Hoarder - Olive Benson

Age 50 (2035) - Bitty Award for Best Actress - Glee Club - Samantha Sylvester

Age 51 (2035) - Bitty Award for Best Actress - Glee Club - Samantha Sylvester
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Actors]]
[[Category:Australians]]