'''Camila Williams''' (14.02.1993 - 16.07.2025) was American astronaut. She was really a hero and a very brave woman.

{{Infobox_character|name=Camila Williams|marital=Married to Jayden Williams|education=University (Chemistry), 
Space Academy|sexuality=Straight|birthDate=February 14th, 1993|birthPlace=Raleigh, North Carolina, USA|deathDate=July 16th, 2025 (aged 32)|deathPlace=International Space Station|species=Human|gender=Female|height=Tall (1,81 m)|weight=65 kg|eyes=Brown|image=Camila_Williams.jpeg|affiliation=NASA|relatives=Brigitte Zucker (mother)
Elvis Zucker † (father)

Jayden Williams (husband)

Rian Williams (son)

Sebastian Williams (son)}}

== Early Life ==
Camila Zucker (later Williams) was born February  14th, 1993 in the state of North Carolina, the city of Raleigh, USA. Her mother Brigitte Zucker (born 1955) is a massage therapist, her father Elvis Zucker (1947-1994) was a trucker. In 1994 when Camila was only 1 year her beloved father died terribly at the age of 47 under a collapsed bridge. In 1998 Camila has been enrolled in all-girls primary school, he was 5-years old. In 2000 she was bullied but her classmate but Camila attacked bully. In 2007 Camila while in gym met very handsome boy named Jayden Williams (born 1993), he also was 14-years old and after Camila fell in love they started dating. In 2009, at the age of 16, Camila started taking birth control pills and lost her virginity by having sex with Jayden Williams, they both really enjoyed it and they did it again and againIn 2009, at the age of 16, Camila started taking birth control pills and lost her virginity by having sex with Jayden Williams, they both really enjoyed it and they did it again and again. In 2011 Camila graduated from high school and joined University!

== Personal Life ==
Camila entered the university in 2011 after graduating from high school. In 2014, when Camila was 21 years old, she married Jayden Williams and changed her last name to Williams. Jayden proposed marriage to her and she happily agreed. she loved her husband very much and was with him for the rest of her life. Her first son was born in 2021. He is named Sebastian Williams. In 2023 she gave birth to her second son who was named Rian Williams!

== Career ==
Camila Williams graduated from university with a degree in chemistry, but she still really wanted to become an astronaut. In 2015, Camila Williams enters the Space Academy. there she is popular with the rest of the students and makes a lot of new friends. In 2017, 24-year-old Camila graduates from the space Academy, where she was an ideal student. In the same year, 2017, she finally joins NASA and becomes an astronaut cadet!

=== Missions ===
2018 - Spacewalk - Complete

2019 - Research Experiment - Complete

2020 - ❌

2021 - Research Experiment  - Complete 

2025 † - Research Experiment - RIP 

=== Publications ===
2021 - «Interstellar Activities»

2022 - «Deep Space Echoes», «Interstellar  Voyage», «Hydrogen on Jupiter», «Look What I Found», «Roar of Fire»

2023 - «Radio Emissions», «Listening to Space»

== Death ==
Camila Williams tragically died at the age of 32 while on a space mission conducting a research experiment on the ISS. It happened on July 16, 2025 - Camila failed the mission and died along with the crew. Her body was taken to her hometown of Raleigh in the United States. The funeral was attended by her mother, husband Jayden, sons Rian and Sebastian, as well as friends.The shocking death of Camila caused a strong response and a lot of discussion in the media, she and her crew were recognized as heroes of the country and many spoke out about this terrible tragedy.
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Astronauts]]
[[Category:Characters]]
[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Dead]]