'''Savannah Belluci''' (also known as '''Savannah Silverstein'''; born 1976) is an American truck driver. She was the wife of dummer, soldier and petty criminal-turned-mafia associate [[Freddy Silverstein]]. She is often considered to be Silverstein's widow, as they were together at the time of his death, despite having been legally divorced. 

==Early life==
Savannah was born in Tennessee.

==Trucking career==
Belluci began her career as a truck driver between 1994 and 1995, being hired by Stoney Trucking & Services as an apprentice. She was promoted to the full trucker position in 1997 at the age of 21. In 1998, Belluci surprised Silverstein at his graduation ceremony at UTC by arriving in her truck, having been driving since the night before.

==Personal life==
Belluci met Silverstein at her first middle school dance in 6th grade in 1987. They dated all throughout middle school, high school, and college, eventually getting married in 2001. Their daughter, Stephanie, was born in 2008, sometime before the attempted bank robbery. They had previously tried to have a child two years earlier, only for Belluci to suffer a miscarriage. In 2015, a year before Freddy was released from prison, they divorced. 

In 2020, after being legally divorced for five years, Savannah and Freddy got back together as a couple, following Silverstein's divorce from his second wife, Vera Molotov, a mail-order bride from Russia. They never remarried, but stayed together until Freddy's death. Belluci tried to conceive another child with him, only to suffer from a molar pregnancy in 2021. 

===Connection to the mafia===

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Truckers]]