''Inspired by my friend and cross-country teammate from college''. 

'''Morgyn Perkins''' (April 16, 1926 - June 2, 2026) was an American educator. 

==Early life and education==
Morgyn was born in Bristol, Connecticut to male stripper Levi Perkins (1903 - 1972) and police officer Brittany Perkins (1903 - 1980). She had an older brother named Apollo (1925 - 2006), and two younger sisters, Robin (1938 - 2012) and Laila (1941 - 2021). Apollo was a marine biologist for Mr. Husky, as well as an environmental journalist. Robin was a newspaper editor for the Bristol Tribune, while Laila worked as a developer at Hyacinth Technologies.

Perkins' passion for exercise stemmed from a tragic early childhood. When she was only two years old, she was diagnosed with cancer of the buttocks. While the family did not have too much trouble affording treatment, the cancer was still very bad, and the doctors weren't very optimistic that she would survive very long. However, everything began to change when Morgyn was eight years old. One day, the family mutt, Tara (1925 - 1934) passed away. Morgyn was saddened by the loss, and worried about her mental grief mixing with the cancer. To cope, she began going on walks, which helped her to relax. These walks proved not only refreshing, but very helpful in fighting her disease. Over the next three years, she kept going on her walks, both alone and with others, and eventually, when she was eleven, she became cancer-free. Morgyn's heartwarming story pf survival would spread throughout her hometown, and her new lease on life filled her with determination to inspire others. 

Having casually played sports during her early childhood, Morgyn started taking athletics more serious in middle school, where she joined the cross-country team, as well as being a member of the book club and environmental club. She was a great runner and maintained great rankings in her races. However, when she entered high school, she set her sights on another sport that spoke to her even more, which was lacrosse. Perkins joined her high school's lacrosse team and was also a member of the environment club and politics club. She excelled at lacrosse, enjoying the thrill of playing hard and leading her fellow players, eventually becoming team captain during her senior year. Morgyn was known not only for her athleticism, but also her intelligence, as she studied well and showed great promise of being an educator herself, even winning the title of prom queen for her smarts. 

Perkins graduated high school in 1944 with great honors. She enrolled in New London Junior College (later known as Mitchell College), majoring in education. Landing a scholarship, she thrived in Mitchell's cross-country team and the speech & debate club. During her last couple of years at college, she even worked as a teaching assistant, helping other students succeed in various fields of study. Morgyn graduated with more great honors in 1948, and was highly praised for her outstanding athleticism and gifted intelligence.

==Fitness work and early teaching== 

==Navy and later teaching career==

==Personal life==

==Death==

{{nav|prev = |next = [[Morgyn Perkins (V1.2)]]}}

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Teachers]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Soldiers]]