'''Richard Suzuki''' (April 8, 1921 - January 11, 2022) was a professional American football player. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs, New York Giants, and the New England Patriots. He is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame, and won 3 MVP awards and 4 Super Bowls. 

Although Suzuki was the last descendent of his family and not biologically survived by anyone, he is still regarded as one of the greatest football players of all time. His legacy is carried on through the memories and hearts of his fans. 

==Childhood==
Ricky was born in Anchorage, Alaska, to Army enlistee John Suzuki (1890-1929) and insurance agent Molly Suzuki (1894-1981). He was an only child. His father John, a World War I veteran, would die in service when he was only eight years old. He played football throughout his youth, being noted as a fabulous player, and later became the captain of the high school team at Person High School, an all-boys school. His football success led to him getting a scholarship for university.

==Football career==
After his college career, Suzuki was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the first round of the 1943 draft, where he would stay for three seasons. He would then become a free agent and sign with the New York Giants for 6 years, $63 million in 1946. In his first season with them, he would win Most Improved Player. In 1949, he won his first Defensive Player of the Year, and finish 4th in the MVP voting. 2 years later, he would win the MVP, and was extended by the Giants for $125 million over 7 years. In the second year of that contract, which was 1953, he would win his second career MVP award. Three seasons later, aged 36, he would win MVP again. After 2 more seasons with the Giants, he would leave and join the New England Patriots, where he would end his career for four seasons. Those four seasons were all Super Bowl wins. On January 30, 1963, aged 42 he announced his retirement from football, and he was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in the 1968 class. 

==Post-football==
In 1970, Suzuki became a Jr. Translator. After five years, he was promoted to Sr. Translator, where he stayed for 13 years before leaving his job. In 1990, aged 69, he became a Spanish Teacher at his alma mater, Person High School. He worked there for seventeen years, before becoming a tutor and occasionally substituting as a teacher, before retiring aged 93 in 2014.

==Personal life==
Ricky met Diana Cummings, a cat behavior consultant (1924-2013) at a bar in 1953, and they got married in 1960. He then became the step-father of D'Brickashaw Cummings (1947-1983), who would become an accountant before passing away aged 36 due to cancer. He got divorced with Diana in 1981 after Ricky accused her of cheating, and Diana owning up to it, and they got divorced.

==Death==
In 2016, he was diagnosed with chronic kidney disease. He would fight until the end, as he made many recoveries and endured many setbacks. He passed away on January 11, 2022, aged 100. He was the last surviving member of his family, though his legacy lives on through the hearts of his fans. 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Old people]]