{{Infobox character
 | name         = Liling Agessy 
 | image        = Screenshot 20240729 124140 BitLife.jpg|thumb 
 | imagecaption = Agessy in the early 1960s  
 | aliases      = Liling Zedong <small>(birth name)</small> 
 | relatives    = Chenglei Zedong <small>(father)</small><br>Jiao Chu <small>(mother)</small><br>Leo Zedong <small>(brother)</small><br>Wesley Mitchell <small>(stepfather)</small><br>Tristan Mitchell <small>(step-brother)</small><br>Andy Agessy <small>(husband)</small><br>Claire <small>(daughter)</small><br>Leo <small>(son)</small><br>Marianne <small>(daughter)</small><br>Alex Jones <small>(grandson)</small><br>Isaac Agessy <small>(grandson)</small><br>Shawn Morisette <small>(grandson)</small> 
 | affiliation  = Vancouver Vans <small>(1955-1969)</small><br>Boulder Brownies <small>(1969-1974)</small><br>Detroit Material Girls <small>(1974-1978)</small> 
 | marital      = Married
 | birthDate    = July 10, 1937
 | birthPlace   = Saskatoon, Canada 
 | deathDate    = July 29, 2024 <small>(aged 87)</small> 
 | deathPlace   = 
 | species      = Human 
 | gender       = Female
 | height       = Average 
 | weight       = Fit 
 | eyes         = Brown 
}}

'''Liling Agessy''' (née '''Zedong'''; July 10, 1937 - July 29, 2024) was a Canadian professional volleyball player who spent most of her career playing for the Vancouver Vans from 1955 to 1969. She also played for the American teams Boulder Brownies from 1969 to 1974 and the Detroit Material Girls from 1974 to 1978. She won many awards throughout her career in both her home country and the United States. Agessy was also one of the many first Olympic volleyball players, having competed in the 1964 summer games in Japan, when volleyball was first introduced as an Olympic sport. 

After retiring from volleyball with a total of fourteen awards, Agessy spent twenty years working as a marriage counselor from the early 1980s to the early 2000s. She then embarked on a political career spanning the last two decades of her life, whereas she served as a school board director and the mayor of her city. Agessy's career was also subject to controversy, most notably her two instances of manslaughter when she killed two fellow athletes in fits of rage. 

==Early life==
Liling was born in Saskatoon to housewife Jiao Chu (1908 - 1985) and travel agent Chenglei Zedong (1898 - 1985). Both her parents, who divorced the year after her birth, were from Guangzhou, China. They immigrated around the start of the Great Depression to escape from China's oppression. Liling had an older biological brother named Leo (1933 - 2015), a real estate agent for Higgins & Hatch Realtors and claimed Korean War veteran. In 1939, Chu married Wesley Mitchell (1908 - 1990), a restaurant worker with a son named Tristan (1927 - 2018), a library clerk who spent many years as a closeted gay man until coming out in the later 20th century when homosexuality was becoming more accepted.  

Agessy took an interest in sports during childhood. She started playing volleyball competitively at St. Sydney's Middle School at the age of 12. She then played for Connor Parsons Secondary School from 1952 to 1955.

==Volleyball career==
===Vancouver Vans (1955-1969)===
When Agessy graduated from secondary school, she became eligible for the pro volleyball draft. Initially, she declined, as she wanted to go to college first. However, after some consideration, she changed her mind and tried out with the Vancouver Vans. After succeeding in her training trials, Liling recieved and accepted a two-year, $1.9 million contract to play with the team. She finished her rookie season in 1956, with the Vans placing 25th in the league. Agessy won the Rookie of the Year award, accepting it graciously. 

During a game of her second season in 1957, Agessy insulted a group of fans from the opposing team who were attempting to throw her off her game. At one point, she tested her limits by freezing herself in a cryotherapy chamber. The Vans finished the season at 22nd place. After she had her first child in 1958 during her third season, she helped the team win a match against the Honolulu Pineapples when she scored the game-winning ace with a jump serve. This helped the team rank up to 13th place in the league at the end of the season. As a result, Agessy won her first Most Improved Player award. She won her second MIP a season later in 1959, when the Vans made it all the way to 4th place. 

In 1960, rumors of Agessy having martial issues caused media tensions for the Vans and publicity associates. This was overshadowed by her first Defensive Player of the Year award for being the best defense on the team at the time. In 1961, another media speculation came about when it was alleged that Agessy had been using steroids. She managed to debunk these claims with the help of her friends in the reporting business, who determined that the rumor was started as a yellow journalism scheme campaign. At the end of her sixth season, Agessy won the Offensive Player of the Year Award. 

At the end of her seventh season in 1962, Agessy won her second Defensive Player award. During a game of the following season in 1963, she received notoriety when she rushed at an official who was making "bad calls" against the team. She redeemed herself by participating in a charity event where she met a terminally ill child for ice cream. That season, Agessy won her third Defensive Player award, followed by her second Offensive Player award in 1964. 

Agessy helped her team win a 1965 match against the Baltimore Mavens when she scored the game-winning ace with a standing topspin serve. Coinciding with her tenth season and 10th anniversary with the Vans was her winning of her third Offensive Player award. Liling won the award two more times in a row, in 1966 and 1967. The streak broke after her thirteenth season in 1968 when she won her fourth Defensive Player award. In 1969, after her fourteenth season and fifth Defensive Player award win, her time with the Vans had come to an end with the expiration of her last renewed contract with the team. 

===Boulder Brownies (1969-1974)===
Following her release from the Vans, Agessy was offered a new contract, this time with the American team Boulder Brownies. Although reluctant at first due to living in her home country all her life, she was eager to start travelling and exploring other parts of the world more often for a change. Thus, Agessy accepted the contract and emigrated to the U.S., resettling in Boulder, Colorado with her family. 

At the end of her fifteenth season in 1970, Agessy won her sixth Offensive Player award, which would be her last overall, leaving her at a total of fourteen medals. The following season would be met with the first of her biggest controversies; during a game in 1971, a player on the opposing team, which happened to be the Vans, talked trash to Liling. Enraged, she attacked her, delivering a spinning back kick to her chest. The player ended up dying from her injuries. No charges were filed against Agessy, much to the outrage of the victim's friends and family. After finishing that season, the murder was overshadowed when Agessy published a "Fame and Shame" book, which became an instant bestseller, grossing $461,936 in sales. 

Towards the end of her eighteenth season in 1973, Agessy became the victim of a groping incident involving the Brownies' physician. She confronted him about it and promptly reported him, resulting in his timely termination, arrest, charging, and eventual conviction of sexual assault. Agessy's contract with the Brownies ended after the following season in 1974. 

===Detroit Material Girls (1974-1978)===
Upon completing her eighteenth season and reaching the end of her contract with the Brownies, Agessy got a new invitation to join the Detroit Material Girls. She accepted the $29.7 million contract and joined the team. Between games one day in 1975, she declined a $4.5 million bribe from a mafia associate to ensure her team lost a game against the Chicago Campfire team and reported them to the authorities. Later that year, amid speculation that the owner wanted to change the team's colors to appear fiercer, Agessy said killer wasp black and yellow stripes was the "obvious choice." Although she didn't win any awards, her anniversary 20th season was still celebrated with an honorable ceremony for her. 

At a 1976 game against the Campfire, an opposing player talked trash to Agessy. This made her snap, and she attacked her, grappling her shoulder, which ended up killing her. This caused shock in the community and media, as it brought back the panic from the similar incident five years prior. This time, Agessy was arrested and almost charged with manslaughter. However, she managed to bribe the police with $1 million, which they accepted, and the charges against her were subsequently dropped. The victim player's family was outraged and would come forward with numerous wrongful death lawsuits against Agessy, the team, and even the police department. However, like last time, she somehow won the public over (at least for the time being) by publishing another bestselling book, titled "Personal History: Liling Agessy." The original book mentioned the murders, but later versions omitted them. 

Agessy played well during her last two seasons. She finished her first contract with the Detroit Material Girls after her twenty-second season in 1977. That same year, she accepted her second contract with the team, and went on to play in her final season as a professional volleyball player, as she herself announced. Agessy finished her twenty-third season in 1978, which was followed by her retirement ceremony, marking the end of her volleyball journey, which lasted for 23 years and saw the winning of fourteen awards.

===Olympics===
====1964 Summer Games====
Agessy made her Olympic debut on October 11, 1964 at the Summer Games in Tokyo, Japan. 

==Marriage counseling==
Following her release from the Detroit Material Girls at the end of her contract and subsequent retirement in 1978 at the age of 41, Agessy enrolled in university, majoring in psychology. As a retired professional player, Agessy served as a student-coach for her college's volleyball team. She graduated and earned her degree in 1982, after which she opened her sporting goods startup, Agessy's. She introduced at least one product; a cup called the "Athletic Cup Queen" with her face designed on the cup. The following year, Liling sold the company to a baron for $22.5 million. Afterwards, she began to make use of her psychology degree by landing a job as a marriage counselor for Saskatoon Health and Addiction. During her twenty years as a counselor, she helped many married couples manage their lives together and even had the honor of treating some celebrity spouses. Agessy retired from counseling in 2003.

==Political career==
===School Board Director (2003-2011)===
After retiring from her job as a marriage counselor, Agessy decided to go into politics. She entered the race for School Board Director against Leo Lewis (born 1942). Agessy defeated Lewis and won the election. She made a speech designed to alleviate public fears on education. In 2004, she staged her first rally, which was super energetic and filled with enthusiasm. In the wake of a series of landslides along the Andorra coast highways in 2005, which resulted in 28 casualties, Agessy donated some of her administrations funding to charities supporting cleanup efforts. That same year, she turned down a $700 bribe from a teacher to put her least favorite student in another teacher's class. 

In 2006, in response to a significant increase in crimes on school campuses, Agessy commissioned a concrete block fence to be built around every school in her district. After staging a maniacally enthusiastic rally, she made a speech designed to spread awareness about the importance of focusing on education. Agessy completed her first term as School Board Director, coinciding with her 50th wedding anniversary. She subsequently began to run for reelection, budgeting $100,000 to her campaign. Her opponent was Etienne Jackson (1929 - 2024), a Korean War veteran who had a mix of both similar and different ideologies compared to Agessy's. She treated Jackson with indifference, even making an example of him during a debate when he interrupted her as she was answering a question about education. Agessy promised that, if she won the election, she would continue her commitment to improving education standards. She defeated Jackson, won the election, and remained true to her word. 

A brief scandal occurred in 2008 when Agessy's husband accused her of flirting with another politician. She managed to debunk the allegations and even overshadow the ordeal by staging another rally. The following year, before yet another rally, Agessy delivered a public fear alleviation speech. In 2010, she discovered that one of her housekeepers was an illegal immigrant, so she helped her obtain a valid working visa rather than report her to deportation services. This was followed by another speech about spreading awareness and a third yearly rally. After completing her second term in 2011, Agessy decided not to run for reelection. At the end of her resignation speech, she announced that she would be running for mayor.

===Mayor of Saskatoon (2011-2024)===
Agessy entered the mayoral race representing the conservative party on a $1 million budget. Her opponent, Hunter Bergeron (born 1958), was a member of the liberal party who often worked with future Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau. One of Agessy's promises for if she won was that she would focus heavily on women's rights and gender equality. Bergeron launched a smear campaign against her, claiming that she smoked marijuana in her youth. She denied the claims, which were proven to be false. However, things got more heated when Bergeron threatened to expose her manslaughter arrest and initial charge 35 years prior. In response, Agessy started a rumor that Bergeron had his child locked in a basement for six years before the kid escaped. She defeated Bergeron and was elected the new Mayor of Saskatoon. 

Upon being elected, Agessy's first speech as mayor was a televised speaking of her alleviation of public fears on social issues. Afterwards, she staged a maniacal Conservative rally. In 2012, she passed a law requiring all citizens to bathe no less than once per week. After discovering that a policy she supported would allow a private golf course to be built on affordable housing land, Agessy contacted her real estate agent to obtain properties of good investment. In her next speech, she spread awareness about the importance of healthcare. Agessy passed another new law in 2013 that illegalized robocalls. She also agreed to support a measure to legalize psilocybin therapy, but only with strict oversight by the medical and law-enforcement communities. 

Also in 2013, during an economic panic, Agessy subdued any fears with a calming radio speech. In 2014, her husband, Andy, passed away, leaving the seat of First Gentleman of Saskatoon empty. That same year, Agessy found a way to improve construction of a state-of-the-art cancer research facility without raising taxes. She also refused to sign an economic bill that included elements that would have created adverse environmental effects. Agessy then made another television speech of public fear alleviation regarding social issues. As her first term as mayor came to a close in 2015, she began preparing for reelection. 

Agessy's next opponent was Laurie Stroker-Hunt (born 1960), another liberal who was a part of Trudeau's prime minstrel campaign. Agessy decided to treat Stroker-Hunt with respect. During a debate, she focused mainly on environmental issues. One of Agessy's campaign assistants allegedly accepted a bribe from an oil lobbyist, for which he was fired by her. She defeated Stroker-Hunt and won the election for a second mayoral term. This was followed by a celebratory rally. In 2016, Agessy passed a new law prohibiting public dances related to TikTok, which was one of the newest social media platforms at the time. She also reported a homeless man trying to sneak into the buffet line at her administration's lavish fundraising dinner event, though she still offered to give him the help he needed. 

In 2017, Agessy passed a law that fined people for refusing to wash their hands after using public restrooms. She also reported a group of caterers who were polluting a pond with leftover food from her cancer research charity event. Later that year, she spoke on television about the importance on spreading awareness about environmental issues. Agessy vetoed a 2018 bill that banned the consumption of scorpion-flavored lollipops. During a briefing, she told her advisors that a report on potential pandemics would be most beneficial. After staging a rally, she made yet another awareness-spreading speech.

Upon completing her second mayoral term in 2019, Agessy declined to run for reelection, instead announcing her plan to run for Premier of Saskatchewan. Representing the libertarian party on a $10 million budget, she entered the race against liberal party member Jace Landry (born 1976). Coincidentally born in the same year as Agessy's killing of the Campfire player, Landy often claimed to be distantly related to said deceased individual. Despite this, Agessy decided to treat him with respect as a safer approach. She reported a potential campaign donor on the grounds that the cash he was offering most likely came from drug cartel activities. For her potential walk-up song for rallies, Agessy chose AC/DC's "Thunderstruck." Like Brgeron, Landry threatened to expose Agessy's manslaughter arrest from 1976. In response, she started a rumor that he dyes his pubes hot pink. Agessy was defeated, and Landry was elected. 

After the loss, Agessy jumped back into the race for mayor, running against Lucas Russell (born 1962). Just before appearing on stage for a live debate, Russell attempted to derail Agessy's mental acuity by offering her a shot of whiskey from a flask hidden in his coat pocket. She took the flask and threw it across the room before walking on stage and dominating the debate. Video of the whiskey moment spread online, where it went viral. When the media wrote a story about Agessy's arrest for murder, she denied the allegations. She defeated Russell and was elected mayor for a third term. 

In 2020, Agessy attended a charity event for the Red Cross as a way to show her support for their cause. A political watch group accused her office of spying on the opposition party's election headquarters. She responded by demanding a third-party, disinterested source provide incontrovertible evidence supporting the accusation. Agessy then made a radio speech alleviating public fears on healthcare. Late one night in her office in 2021, she hooked up with an intern who offered her some stress-relieving pressure. To help control the spread of a new narcotic that year, Agessy ordered the city to build more rehabilitation centers. She vetoed a law that banned the chugging of expensive wine. This was followed by another healthcare speech, this time asking people to spread awareness. 

Agessy spent some time in 2022 studying current criminal issues by reading a report on Saskatoon's incarceration rate. She made two speeches that year, one where she bragged about her administrations progress on healthcare, and the other being another message to spread awareness. In 2023, at the end of her third term, Agessy announcd her second attempt at the seat of Premier of Saskatchewan. She respectfully treated her opponent, Colin Adams (born 1978). After overspending on campaign advertisement, Agessy cut back on all her essentials. Adams called her out for her manslaughter charge, but this time, she admitted that it was true, resulting in her defeat. 

Upon losing the Premier election for the second time in a row, Agessy ran for mayoral reelection once more. During the campaign, she turned a blind eye after watching a video that showed her opponent, Roxanne Lavigne (born 1964), of the green party, accepting illegal campaign donations from a weapons corporation. Agessy told everyone at a campaign rally that Lavigne was desperate for votes to the point where she would write slanderous messages posted on hot air balloons. She declared the media's story about her manslaughter as "fake news." After defeating Lavigne and winning the election, Agessy began her fourth and final term as mayor, though she would not live to fully complete it. She gave her final speech in the summer of 2024, shotly before her death.

==Personal life==
In 1957, Liling met Canadian basketball player [[Andy Agessy]]. After several months of dating, they married that same year, with Liling adopting Andy's surname. They had three children together, including Claire (born 1958), Leo (born 1965), and Marianne (born 1967). Claire is a retired firefighter, Leo is a library clerk and athlete, and Marianne is a restaurant worker for Cafe Dynamite. Agessy also has three grandsons, Alex Jones (born 1988), Isaac Agessy (born 1992), and Shawn Morisette (born 1995). Alex is a travel agent for Saskatoon Travel & Cruises, Isaac is an officer in both the Royal Canadian Navy and United States Marines, and Shawn is a real estate agent for Miller & Wayne. 

Agessy died in her sleep on July 29, 2024 at the age of 87, less than three weeks after her birthday. She is survived by her three children, three grandsons, and her great-grandchildren, with whom she spent her last days watching the 2024 Paris Olympics. Her grave is marked with duplicate replicas of all her medals; the originals are protected by the Agessy Estate.

==Legacy==

==Awards and honors==
* Rookie of the Year Award (1956) 
* Most Improved Player Award (2x; 1958, 1959) 
* Defensive Player of the Year Award (5x; 1960, 1962, 1963, 1968, 1969) 
* Offensive Player of the Year Award (6x; 1961, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1970) 

==External Links== 
{{Wiki|3 = villainsfanon|4 = Villains Fanon}} 

[[Category:Fan Characters]]
[[Category:Canadians]]
[[Category:Athletes]]
[[Category:Politicians]]
[[Category:Americans]]
[[Category:Old people]]
[[Category:Criminals]]