Assault is a [[crime]] that the character can commit. NPCs can commit this crime as well. It is where a person is attacked by someone else. This is one of the most common [[Crime|crimes]] in the game. However, this crime is not directly from the [[Activities]] section. Instead, [[Events|scenarios]] need to happen where you can choose to assault a [[Random strangers|stranger]] or [[Relationships|relationship]], although you can directly commit the crime by choosing the button to rumble with your siblings (you will be warned before doing so).

== The character attacking ==
In old versions, the game used to say “You assaulted him/her! You [attack move] his/her [body part] (one to four attack moves will be listed). In newer versions, however, the game now lets you choose how you want to attack the victim, and will say “You [attack move] his/her [body part]!” And sometimes it will also say an additional attack, but there may be a net loss as you can only perform up to two whereas you could perform up to four in the older version. There will also be a damage bar on-screen indicating the severity of the injuries. But sometimes, the assault can backfire and the victim will dodge your attack, with the game saying “You tried to [attack move] him/her but missed!” Formerly “You attacked him/her but he/she dodged you.” 

In more extreme cases, you can end up [[Death/Family|killing]] someone with your assault, as the game will add a new sentence saying “He/she died from his/her injuries.” In older versions, if four attack moves were listed, then that would give the possibility of the victim dying from their injuries, but in newer versions the damage bar will show this if it reaches 100%. If it was a family member that [[Death/Family|died]] from their injuries, the game will say, “Your [family member] passed away at the age of [age number]. He/she was murdered.” Even though manslaughter technically does not count as [[murder]], the game still says so.

Sometimes, the victim will fight back or call the cops on your character and have you arrested for assault, or sometimes both if neccessary. However, if you assaulted the victim to death and were caught for it, you will be arrested for manslaughter instead.

In new versions, the “Martial Arts” activity from the “[[Mind & Body|Mind]] and Body” section will unlock new attack moves that your character can use if you take enough of them. This will increase the chances of killing the victim. If you manage to do so, you will earn an [[Achievements|achievement]].

== The character being attacked ==
The character can also be assaulted by other people in the game. They could be from actions that are considered unhealthy, but sometimes they might not actually seem bad at all and still have that possibility. Relationships with high [[Stats|craziness]] (petulance for siblings) makes this event more likely to happen. You can be assaulted for reasons such as:

* A bad activity with a [[Relationships|relationship]], such as insulting or assaulting them, which may make them angry and assault you. Others may be influenced from the activities in the character’s occupation, such as messing with a classmate at [[Education|school]] and pranking/starting a rumor about a co-worker at [[Careers/Jobs|work]].
* Reporting a classmate to the principal at [[Education|school]], or reporting a co-worker or supervisor to HR at [[Careers/Jobs|work]]. If they get punished, this can enrage them and result in them assaulting you.
* If you tried to bathe a [[Pets|pet]] with high craziness or yelled at it for misbehaving there is a chance it may attack you. It might also attack you randomly in some extreme cases.
* [[Random strangers|Strangers]] might assault your character in [[Situation|situations]] where if your character insults them back after they insulted you, or in [[Situation/Witnessing Crimes|crime-witnessing]] scenarios if you try to intervene or call the police.
* [[Ghosts]] with low friendliness are more likely to assault your character, especially if you tried to exorcise them but failed. They may also do so during paranormal encounters.
* If your character is in [[prison]], there is a good chance that other prisoners with high craziness will assault your character for insulting, assaulting, or messing with them. However, if their craziness is high enough, even a good action such as complimenting them may be counterproductive.
* If you unsuccessfully committed a [[crime]] against a [[Relationships|relationship]] or [[Random strangers|stranger]], chances are they may assault you.
* If you decline a [[Pets|pet]], you might get attacked by a sibling with high petulance.

Sometimes, your character can also be assaulted with a weapon, ranging from a club or spear to guided missiles and artillery. No reason has been given for why this is a mechanic in the game, but it may be because it usually discourages players from being too aggressive. Even though the NPCs can do this, the character currently cannot. Enemy [[Enemy encounter|encounters]] also involve your enemy (if you have one) coming to your house with a weapon, in which you can argue, reason, beg for forgiveness, or run away, though a majority of the choices are usually ineffective. Being assaulted with a medieval weapon, such as a pickaxe or crossbow, will earn an [[Achievements|achievement]]. Note: This feature might be removed following a new update due to its unrealistic elements. For example, although classmates at [[Education|school]] can attack your character with weapons, in real life you could be incarcerated for even attempting to bring one. There’s not even an explanation on how any of the relationships managed to get their hands on the weapon in the first place.

There is a chance that your character may [[Game over|die]] from their injuries. This especially may happen if your character has low health and/or has been assaulted many times, or if the weapon used to assault your character was a deadly one such as a rocket launcher or guided missle. Otherwise, if it was a [[Random strangers|stranger]] that assaulted your character and you survived, you can fight back, call the police, or run away. As for the second choice, the police will either arrive and arrest the stranger, come too late and the stranger will flee, or reprimand your character for “wasting their time”.

Even so, if you survived the assault and didn’t assault your assailant or commit a crime against them first, you may file a [[lawsuit]] against your assailant.
[[Category:BitLife]]
[[Category:Features]]
[[Category:Crimes]]